Current Job Opportunities
We are a fast-paced team advocating for diplomacy-first American leadership and policies that advance justice, equality, peace, and democracy in Israel, in the wider region and in the United States.

Ready to join us?

Current Openings
Assistant or Deputy Regional Director for Mid-Atlantic and Florida
Engagement Team
 New York, New York
Engagement Assistant for Mid-Atlantic and Florida
Engagement Team
 New York, New York
J Street U Regional Coordinator
J Street U
 Washington, District of Columbia
Junior Accountant
Spine
 Washington, District of Columbia
Managing Director, Mid-Atlantic and Florida Region
Engagement Team
 New York, New York
Multimedia Operations Assistant
Digital
 Washington, District of Columbia
Prospective Future Openings
Assistant, Associate, or Deputy Regional Director
Prospective
 Remote
General Application for J Street Job Pool
Prospective
 Remote
Internships and Fellowships
AI & Cybersecurity Intern
Internships and Fellowships
 Washington, District of Columbia
Development and Leadership Intern
Internships and Fellowships
 Remote
J Street U GOTV Fellowship
Internships and Fellowships
 Remote

Internships
J Street internships are a great opportunity to get extensive experience and learn valuable skills while contributing to a cause you believe in. J Street interns get involved on the front lines of the organization and are an important part of everything that we do.

J Street accepts a limited number of applicants who are undergraduate students, graduate students or recent graduates for internships throughout the year. Internships are paid $18 an hour. Interns should be willing to commit a minimum of 10 hours per week for 10 weeks. Please email intern@jstreet.org with any questions. Applications are considered on a rolling basis.

“My experience working with J Street has been overwhelmingly positive. Throughout my time on staff, I have felt valued, appreciated and heard. The senior leadership has allowed me to lean into my strengths and supported me in growing my skill set.”
– J Street Development Team Employee

Full Width Photo
Why join us?
At J Street, we’re all about creating a meaningful and supportive workplace where you can truly thrive. When you join our team, you’re not just getting a job—you’re stepping into a community that values your well-being and growth.
Our collaborative and inclusive culture means you’ll be part of a team that values your unique contributions and encourages you to bring your best self to work every day.

We are committed to offering comprehensive benefits because we believe that supporting our team with exceptional care and resources is key to helping everyone succeed and feel valued.
 Health 
We offer top-notch medical, dental, and vision plans for employees and their dependents. We also offer employer-paid life insurance, short-term disability and family leave benefits.
 Mental Health Wellbeing 
We provide access to resources that promote healthy practices and foster resilience.
 Save for Retirement 
We offer a matched 401k program and Roth 401k option.
 Time Off 
We have an unlimited time off policy, observe paid federal holidays, and close for some Jewish holidays throughout the year.
 Professional Development 
Whether it’s a conference or an online course we provide an annual stipend for growing professionally in your role and beyond.
 Employee Assistance Program 
We offer resources to help employees in every aspect of their lives including legal, counseling, and financial advisement resources.
 Flexible Work Arrangements 
J Street’s commitment to providing employees a flexible work schedule and work-life balance.
 Up to 12 Weeks Parental Leave 
J Street believes bonding with a new child is of the utmost importance and wants staff to take the time needed to be a parent or primary caregiver.
“My team at J Street has a great dynamic! I feel lucky to be surrounded by so many kind, intelligent colleagues that are always rooting for each other to succeed. Throughout my time at J Street, I’ve always found it to be an inclusive and empowering workplace for people of all religious and secular identities.”
– J Street Engagement Team Employee

A Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
J Street is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, J Street will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact careers@jstreet.org.

Who to contact
Due to the high number of applicants we receive, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. Please do not call to inquire about the status of your application. If you experience issues with our application portal you can email careers@jstreet.org with a specific inquiry.



“The J Street Workers Union is an important part of J Street. The J Street Workers Union is proud to work to help J Street be the best organization it can be by creating a fairer, safer, and more equitable workplace for everyone.”
– J Street Union Member

Interested in joining the J Street team? Here’s what you can expect during the hiring process!
Apply!

If you’re interested in working with us, growing professionally and moving the needle on an important issue, you’re in the right place. Complete the application questions, upload your resume and cover letter and press submit.

Application Review

We take a look at your resume and application to get an idea of the skills and expertise you can bring to J Street. If we believe you may be a great fit, we will reach out to you for a quick phone call .

Initial Screen

We know there’s way more to you than what you can fit on a resume. Our team will set up a call to chat with you and learn more about who you are and the unique skills that you can contribute to our organization. We primarily check for two things:

Alignment between the role’s responsibilities and your experience
Alignment between what’s important to you (growth, work culture, etc.) and what J Street offers
We’ll give you a brief overview of the job you applied for and also give you the opportunity to ask questions about our company history, values and goals.

Work Assessment

This is your opportunity to experience tasks that you’ll likely be assigned in the role you are applying for as well as give J Street the chance to assess your skills on key tasks required by the role. All of our assessments are designed in-house and are specific to the role itself, so they reflect actual projects or challenges that our team works on and the job responsibilities that the candidate would have.

Manager Interview and Panel Interview

Our interviews will give you an opportunity to meet (often virtually) some of our friendly, talented team members. Our folks will learn more about your experience and who you are outside of what your application and resume tells us.

Goal: In these calls, we are trying to identify:

What you can bring to this team
Whether you are a good teammate that’s willing to learn and adapt
If you have the right technical, interpersonal, and communication skills needed to be successful in the role and at J Street.
Just like we want to make sure you’re the right fit for us, we want you to feel confident that J Street is the right place for you. We encourage and welcome you to ask us questions too!

Final Interview

In the last stage of our hiring process, we invite candidates to chat with and get to know our President, COS, or other senior leaders in the organization.

At this time, depending on the type of role, we may also invite you to speak with lay leaders in our J Street community as well.

Professional References

We know you are amazing and the one for the job, so we want to hear even more great things from the people who know you best. Our team will reach out to the references you’ve provided and ask them why they think we’d be lucky to have you at J Street.

Offer

We like you and you like us so let’s make it official. You’ll receive a formal offer letter and benefits information for your acceptance. Up next is our favorite part! We welcome YOU to join us as we get to work in making a greater difference in the fight for pro-Israel, pro-peace, pro-democracy movement.

Timeline

We know taking the next step in your career can be a nerve-wracking experience. That’s why we ensure we’re as transparent as possible. J Street’s average timeline from application submissions to offer acceptance is about 60 days. Our team will work with you throughout the process and give you updates as you progress through this process. Once the position has been filled, J Street will remove the job posting from our website.