POLICY CENTER EXPERTS
Larry Garber
Policy Fellow
Larry Garber served as a senior official at USAID for more than 15 years. From 1999-2004, he headed the USAID/West Bank-Gaza mission, one of the agency’s most politically sensitive and, at the time, largest posts, including...

Jennifer Gavito
Policy Center Contributing Expert
Jennifer Gavito is a nonresident senior fellow with the Scowcroft Middle East Security Initiative within the Atlantic Council’s Middle East Programs. Gavito is a senior advisor at the Cohen Group, where she co-leads the firm’s...

Frank Lowenstein
Policy Fellow
Frank Lowenstein served as Special Envoy for Israeli-Palestinian Negotiations and Senior Advisor to Secretary of State John Kerry at the U.S. Department of State from 2014-2017. He played a key role in the 9 months of direct talks...

Yael Patir
Policy Fellow
Yael Patir is a senior director and advisor with over 20 years of experience in public policy, international relations and strategic communication. In her previous roles, Patir advised the European Union Delegation to Israel (2024) and...

Policy Center Advisory Council
Membership on the J Street Policy Center Advisory Council does not constitute endorsement of any position of the Policy Center or of J Street by the member or any of the organizations with which they are employed or affiliated.

Mort Halperin
Chair of the Advisory Council
A renowned expert on foreign policy and civil liberties, he worked for the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) as its Director of the Center for National Security Studies and Washington Office Director. He served in the Johnson, Nixon...

Joe Cirincione
Joe Cirincione worked for nine years in the US House of Representatives on the professional staff of the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Government Operations. He teaches at the Georgetown School of Foreign Service and...

Toby Gati
Toby Gati served as US Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research from 1993 to 1997. Gati was educated at Pennsylvania State University, receiving a B.A. in Russian Literature and Language in 1967. She then attended...

Jon Greenwald
Jon Greenwald previously served for over fifteen years as Vice President of the International Crisis Group, and for thirty years as a US diplomat. In 2022, President Biden appointed Greenwald as a member of the U.S. Commission for...

Sylvia Kaplan
Sylvia Kaplan is a lifelong resident Minnesota where as a community organizer and political activist, she has worked on issues of social justice from an early age. She and her husband, Sam, devote much of their time to electoral politics...

Anthony Lake
Anthony Lake served as US National Security Advisor from 1993 to 1997 and as the sixth Executive Director of UNICEF from 2010 to 2017. In 2007-2008, he served as a senior foreign policy adviser to the presidential campaign of Barack...

Diane Orentlicher
Diane Orentlicher is Professor of International Law at American University Washington College of Law and Co-Faculty Director of the law school’s Center for Human Rights and Humanitarian law. Professor Orentlicher has also taught at...

Daniel Serwer, PhD
Daniel Serwer, PhD directed the European office of intelligence and research at the State Department and served as US special envoy and coordinator for the Bosnian Federation. From 1990 to 1993, he was deputy chief of mission and chargé...

Henry Steiner
Henry Steiner is professor emeritus at Harvard Law School and the founder of the Human Rights Program at Harvard Law. His research interests concern issues of human rights and international law. He is the author of several books and...

Paula Stern, PhD
Paula Stern, PhD is the former chairwoman of the US International Trade Commission. She is the founder and president of The Stern Group and Senior Strategic Advisor to the National Center for Women & Information Technology. Stern is a...

Jon Wolfsthal
Jon Wolfsthal served as special assistant to former President Barack Obama and as senior director for arms control and nonproliferation at the National Security Council. Prior to that, he served as the deputy director of the James Martin...

Carol Winograd, MD
Carol Hutner Winograd, MD is an emerita professor of Medicine and Human Biology at Stanford University. She serves in leadership and contributor roles on a number of boards, including, founder and Chair of the Advisory Board of the...

The J Street Policy Center is the “policy shop” of the pro-Israel, pro-peace, pro-democracy movement, producing original research, analysis and resources to inform and educate elected officials, policymakers and advocates on issues related to US policy toward Israel, Palestine and the broader Middle East. A program of the 501(c)(3) J Street Education Fund, the Policy Center is committed to convening and amplifying the work of diverse experts who endeavor to drive forward, rather than merely describe the challenges to, diplomacy and conflict resolution in the region.
