PRESIDENT & FOUNDER
Jeremy Ben-Ami
President and Founder
Jeremy Ben-Ami is the President of J Street, bringing to the role both deep experience in American politics and government and a passionate commitment to the state of Israel. Ben-Ami’s family connection to Israel goes back...

ADMINISTRATIVE & FINANCE TEAM
Kate Press
Chief Operations Officer
Kate Press is the Chief Operating Officer of J Street, where she has spent over 15 years growing with the organization from campus organizer to executive team member. Over that time she has led regional and field engagement...

Shawn Clement
Director of Information Systems & Technology
Shawn has been part of the J Street family for six years and serves as the Director of Information Systems and Technology. With over 10 years of experience in Salesforce (three-time certified), fundraising, and IT in the non-profit...

Ariel Gudwin
Director of HR and Employee Engagement
Ariel joins J Street after receiving an M.S. in conflict analysis and resolution from George Mason University. Ariel has previous experience with nonprofits, government agencies and startup organizations...

Erik Gabriel
Vice President of Finance and Accounting
Erik brings experience in the government and non-profit sectors, most recently as Deputy Chief Financial Officer at the Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society (“HIAS”) and Chief Financial Officer for the Appalachian Regional Commission (“ARC”), based

Marie Erichsen
Accounting & Finance Senior Associate
Marie joined J Street in 2024 from a diverse background in operations, finance, and administrative support. While in Hampton Roads, Virginia, she served as an Operations Assistant at the financial planning firm Mason & Associates, gaining e

Kristian Portillo
IT Specialist
Kristian joins J Street with a background in software development, data analysis, and IT consulting. He received his Software Engineering Certification from Flatiron School in DC. In his most recent role prior to J Street he worked for Inte

Rebecca Weintraub
Operations Associate, Office of the President
Rebecca joins J Street after working as a Regional Organizer for the Harris Walz campaign in Philadelphia. In 2024, she graduated from Vanderbilt University with a B.S. in Human and Organizational Development and Political Science...

Josiane (Josie) Culpepper
Accounting Manager
Josie is an Accounting Manager with over 16 years of professional experience in the finance sector. Beginning her career in the United Kingdom as an Accounting Technician, Josie developed a strong foundational expertise in full-cycle...

Katie Schantz
HR Assistant
Katie Schantz is excited to be joining J Street as the HR Assistant. Originally from Gainesville, FL, she graduated from Florida State University in 2023 with a B.S. in Psychology. Following her graduation, she spent time working as a...

Communal Relations Team
Sam Berkman
National Director of Communal Relations
Sam joined J Street in 2011, serving most recently as Midwest Regional Director and previously as Assistant Director of Government Affairs. Prior to J Street, Sam gained experience with both the Assistant Majority Leader of the Senate...

Emily Kaiman
Director of Jewish Communal Engagement
Emily Kaiman focuses on deepening Jewish engagement and community both nationally and in her home state of Georgia. Holding a BA in Judaic Studies and a Master’s in Experiential Jewish Education Emily has served in diverse Jewish communal..

Nati Faber
Senior Associate, Jewish Communal Engagement, Mid-Atlantic
Originally from Southfield, Michigan, Nathaniel (Nati) Faber brings a multifaceted background in Jewish education, communal leadership, and service. After completing his service in the IDF as a Social Welfare NCO for the Haredi Brigades...

GOVERNMENT AFFAIRS AND CONGRESSIONAL EDUCATION
Hannah Morris
Vice President of Government Affairs
Hannah joins J Street after earning a M.A. in German and European Studies from Georgetown's School of Foreign Service. There, she focused on German-Israeli relations and wrote a thesis comparing the special relationships Israel shares...

Cooper Boyar
Director of Public Affairs
Cooper joins the Public Affairs Team after six years in a variety of roles at J Street. He previously served as Associate Director for Congressional Education, managing J Street's Congressional travel to Israel and the West Bank...

Lillian Adelstein
Director of Government Affairs
Lillian “Lily” Adelstein joins J Street after several years working and interning in Congress. From her first internship in high school for the Secretary of the Senate, to becoming a full time congressional staffer in the House of...

Hannah Fajer
Associate Director of Government Affairs
Hannah joins J Street in 2023 after previously serving as Policy Associate on the advocacy team at American Jewish World Service (AJWS). While at AJWS, she mobilized the Jewish community on international human rights issues and elevated...

Bradley Freericks
Associate Director of Government Affairs
Bradley joins J Street with several years of experience in non-profit development and political advocacy. Before J Street, Bradley worked on the development team of the world’s largest peacebuilding organization, Search for Common Ground...

Kat DesCamp-Renner
Assistant Director of Government Affairs and Defense Policy Analyst
Kat joined J Street's Government Affairs team in 2022, and previously served as Program Assistant for Middle East Policy at the Friends Committee on National Legislation. She graduated from the University of Virginia in 2021 with degrees...

Michael Farrell-Rosen
Government Affairs Associate
Michael joins J Street in 2024 after graduating from Brown University with degrees in Political Science and Economics. While at Brown, Michael was deeply involved in J Street U as the New England Vice President to the J Street U National...

Evan DeWitt
Senior Public Affairs Coordinator
Evan joined J Street in the summer of 2023. He works on congressional education, managing trips for Members of Congress and their staff and bringing policy experts to Capitol Hill. Evan graduated from American University with a degree in...

POLITICAL TEAM
Tali deGroot
Vice President of Political and Digital Strategy
Tali deGroot returned to J Street in 2022 as the Ilya Braverman National Political Director. She was promoted to Vice President in July 2025, after leading a record-breaking 2024 cycle in which the organization bundled $15 million for...

Lexi Goldwyn
Ilya Braverman National Political Director
Lexi joins J Street after working on campaigns, advocacy organizations, and political committees, most recently as a national fundraising consultant for incumbent Senate Democrats. Born and raised in Sacramento, CA, Lexi graduated from...

Holly Conlon
PAC Manager
Holly joins J Street after graduating from Harvard College, where she majored in Women, Gender, and Sexuality. While in college, she served on Congresswoman Becca Balint’s campaign as Deputy Communications Director...

Daniel Haggart
Political Associate
Daniel joins J Street in 2024 after interning at the United Nations Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA) office in Washington, DC. In 2023, he graduated from Clemson University with a B.A. in Political Science and a minor in History. Daniel...

Joey Kranitz
Political Affairs Manager
Prior to joining J Street as the Political Affairs Manager, Joey served as a legislative staffer for Oregon’s Fourth Congressional District in both Congressman DeFazio and Congresswoman Hoyle’s offices in Washington, D.C. from 2022-2026...

Policy Team
Adina Vogel-Ayalon
Vice President of Strategy and Programs
Adina joined J Street in 2015 as the Deputy Israel Director and in 2020, she served as J Street’s Israel Director before taking on the role of Chief of Staff in 2021. Prior to J Street, Adina worked at the Shimon Peres Center for Peace…

Ilan Goldenberg
Senior Vice President and Chief Policy Officer
Ilan Goldenberg is Senior Vice President and Chief Policy Officer at J Street. He is a seasoned foreign policy and national security expert with two decades of experience advising American leaders on the Middle East, US-Israel relations...

Avraham Spraragen
Policy and Research Coordinator
Avraham Spraragen is the Policy and Research Coordinator of the J Street Policy Center. He received an M.A. in Arab Studies from Georgetown University’s School of Foreign Service in 2025 and a B.A. in Government from Cornell University...

Liam Hamama
Policy and Content Writing Assistant
Liam joined J Street after graduating from Yale University with a double major in Global Affairs and Economics. At Yale, his capstone research project, conducted for the Peres Center for Peace and Innovation, focused on promoting...

Development Team
Adee Telem
Chief Development Officer
Adee serves as J Street’s Senior Vice President of Development, overseeing fundraising and leadership engagement across the country. Prior to this, she was J Street’s Tri-State/PA Regional Director, directing fundraising, advocacy...

Josh Lockman
Director of Strategic Initiatives
Josh Lockman has been actively involved in local/national politics and the Middle East policy arena. He has taught international law and US foreign policy at USC Law School since 2011. During the 2016 campaign, Josh served on Secretary...

Becca Freedman
Director, Foundation Relations
Becca Freedman oversees foundation relations at J Street — working across the organization to grow and strengthen J Street’s institutional funding portfolio. She brings with her a decade of experience in philanthropy and foundation...

Nick Shulevitz
Director of Development Operations
Nick joins J Street after spending over five years working as a fundraiser on Congressional campaigns. Nick has raised money for candidates in Illinois, New York, Nevada and Florida. As a finance director, Nick has both planned...

Alexandra Hain
Deputy Director of Institutional Advancement
Alexandra returned to J Street in 2022 after obtaining her master's degree in International and European Politics at The University of Edinburgh in Scotland. She previously worked as the Development Associate where she helped lead the...

Joshua Fielding
Development Associate
Joshua joins J Street after graduating from Washington University in St. Louis, where he studied Sociology with a minor in Political Science. Born and raised in New York City, Joshua spent summers at URJ Crane Lake Camp where he...

COMMUNICATIONS & DIGITAL TEAM
Becka Wall
Director of Multimedia Strategy
Rebecca (Becka) Wall joins J Street after over 15 years of experience in nonprofit digital communications, and has built social media and digital strategies and programs at organizations like Reproductive Freedom for All, Indivisible...

Jessica Blum
Digital Director
Jessica joins J Street after nearly a decade in the Democratic digital space – working with progressive organizations, political committees, campaigns, causes, and corporations. Her career highlights include being part of...

Eliza Schloss
Content Strategist and Producer
Eliza joins J Street after graduating from American University, where she studied journalism and Jewish studies. She most recently completed research with her alma mater on antisemitic extremism found on alternative social media platforms..

Jordan Steinberg
Press Officer
Jordan joined J Street in 2025, bringing experience from the U.S. House of Representatives, multiple campaigns, and the Department of Labor. He earned both his undergraduate degree and a master’s in American Government from Georgetown...

Lauren Haines
Communications Assistant
Lauren joins J Street after four years of leadership in J Street U, serving as the National Board President and Vice President of the Midwest. She graduated from the University of Michigan, where she studied public health and political...

Sam Kazan
Multimedia Assistant
Sam joins J Street’s inaugural Multimedia team after graduating from the University of Michigan, where she studied International Relations and Middle East Studies. There, she served on the board of her J Street U chapter, and helped to...

Andie Riedel
Social Media Content Creator and Strategist
Andie joins J Street with a background in multimedia storytelling, video production, and graphic design for mission-driven organizations. She studied film at Virginia Commonwealth University before completing a degree in International...

EVENTS TEAM
Emily Reeves Keller
Director of Events
Emily joins J Street with an extensive background in events and events management in both the hospitality sector as well as the non-profit sector. Emily has a degree from the University of Central Florida in Hospitality and Event...

Joseph McGuire
Assistant Director of Events
Joseph joins J Street after graduating from the College of Charleston, where he double majored in International Studies with a concentration in Europe and Political Science. Joseph has previous experience in the non-profit world from...

Tori Walters
Event Coordinator
Tori joins the Events team after earning her master’s degree in International Affairs from American University’s U.S. Foreign Policy and National Security program. Originally from Long Island, NY, she graduated from the University of...

ENGAGEMENT TEAM
Gal Peleg Laniado
Vice President of Engagement
Gal has joined J Street with over a decade of nonprofit expertise from his extensive work in conflict resolution, leadership development, and community outreach and empowerment in both Israel and the United States. Most recently, Gal...

Charles Kupferberg
Assistant Director of Engagement Operations
Charles joins J Street after graduating from the University of Chicago with a double major in Economics and Political Science. While in college, he interned on Grace Meng’s first congressional...

Adam Steinberg
National Director of Engagement; Director for the West Coast
Adam Steinberg returns to J Street as Director for the West Coast, overseeing J Street’s advocacy, fundraising, political work and Jewish communal relations from San Diego to Seattle, from the Olympic Mountains to the Montana Big Sky...

Tamar Ariel
National Director of Engagement, Director for Capital, South & Mountain West
Tamar Ariel serves as J Street’s National Director of Engagement and Director for the Capital, South and Mountain West regions, helping lead the organization’s national engagement strategy while overseeing advocacy, fundraising...

— Team I —
Janette Hillis-Jaffe
Senior Regional Director, New England
Janette Hillis-Jaffe established J Street's Boston office, initially serving as the Regional Political Director and then Special Adviser to the New England Region from 2010 to 2013. She returned as Regional Director for New England in...

Noah Finkelstein
Regional Director, Midwest
Noah is the Regional Director for the Midwest. Previous to this role, Noah was the Senior Coalitions Associate on J Street's Public Engagement team and held roles on the J Street U team. Before joining J Street, he worked at Habonim...

Adam Didech
Associate Director of Public Affairs, New England and the Midwest
Adam Didech joins J Street after 15 years working on a variety of local, state, and federal campaigns in Illinois. He graduated from DePaul University with a bachelor’s degree in Political Science. Adam lives in the north suburbs of...

Marina Cemaj
Assistant Regional Director, Midwest
Marina Cemaj joins J Street after working on this issue for several years, focusing on grassroots peacebuilding in the region including working at the Alliance for Middle East Peace...

Arad Boxenbaum
Regional Associate, Midwest
Arad Boxenbaum is a graduate of DePaul University and longtime advocate in the Chicagoland area primarily in the world of gun violence prevention, climate change, and reproductive rights and has served in state and local leadership for...

Alliyah Kazan
Engagement Assistant for New England and the Midwest
Alliyah joins J Street after graduating from the University of Iowa, where she studied Political Science, International Relations, and Human Rights. During her time on campus, she helped lead J Street U, directing resources and support...

Yael Mazor-Garfinkle
New England Deputy Regional Director
Yael brings over a decade of experience in digital strategy, communications, and community engagement. Originally from the North Shore of Massachusetts, Yael studied Islamic & Middle East Studies and Near Eastern & Judaic Studies at...

Dan Shertzer
New England Deputy Regional Director
Dan joins J Street with a background in banking, technology, and hospitality, where he focused on building teams, driving community engagement, and helping individuals align their careers and finances with their values...

— Team II —
Trevor Dworetz
Regional Director, Mid-Atlantic and Florida
Trevor joined J Street in 2021 and was promoted to lead Team II in 2023, a role he has held since. In this capacity, he leads a dynamic regional team responsible for engagement of lay leadership across key regions of the country...

Hannah Umansky Castro
Deputy Regional Director, Mid-Atlantic
Hannah joins J Street from Capitol Hill, having worked on foreign affairs as Legislative Counsel to Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton. She also clerked for Senator Amy Klobuchar on the Senate Judiciary Committee. Prior to that, Hannah...

Josh Eisemann
Public Affairs Senior Associate, Mid-Atlantic and Florida
Josh joined J Street in March of 2024 with several years of experience in government and political advocacy. As a Public Affairs Senior Associate, Josh helps coordinate J Street’s in-district relationships with Members of Congress in...

Aidan Jelinek
Assistant Regional Director of Engagement, New Jersey, Delaware & Pennsylvania
Aidan comes to J Street after moving from Melbourne Australia. He holds a Bachelor's degree in arts majoring in International Relations and Religious studies (the fun stuff) as well as a master's degree in International Relations with a...

Sara Hadigian
Senior Engagement Associate, Mid-Atlantic and Florida
Sara joins J Street after graduating from University of Oregon Clark Honors College in 2023 (sco ducks!) where they studied Political Science, Global Engagement, and Sociology. Outside...

Amichai Stout
Associate Regional Director for Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Delaware
Amichai comes to J Street as a recovering political staffer with a recent background in Jewish nonprofit and community work. He is a proud graduate of THE Ohio State University (2017), where he earned a B.A. in Political Science...

— Team III —
Adam Steinberg
National Director of Engagement; Director for the West Coast
Adam Steinberg returns to J Street as Director for the West Coast, overseeing J Street’s advocacy, fundraising, political work and Jewish communal relations from San Diego to Seattle, from the Olympic Mountains to the Montana Big Sky...

Jessica Colburn
Regional Director, Southwest
Jessica Colburn is thrilled to join J Street as Regional Director in the Southwest. Jessica has 13 years of diverse organizational and development experiences working with individuals, corporations, advisors, and foundations to advance...

Shimrit Braun Kamin
Regional Director, Northwest
Shimrit Braun Kamin is joining J Street as the Northwest Regional Director after serving for over seven years as the Associate Director of the New Israel Fund in the Bay Area. In addition to her work with NIF, she has been a key leader...

Nicole Malina
Regional Director, Greater Los Angeles
Nicole Malina was thrilled to join the J Street Southern California team in 2019. Originally from New York, Nicole has worked in development and nonprofit administration in California for over fifteen...

Ben Feldman
Northwest Deputy Regional Director
Ben joins J Street from Silicon Valley where he’s worked in Growth, driving internationalization and building revenue for startups and large companies alike.  A lifelong student of politics and international relations, he holds graduate...

Daniel Wittenberg
Public Affairs Assistant, West Coast
Daniel joined J Street in 2025 after graduating from the University of Arizona, where he majored in Political Science and Communication. While at the University of Arizona, Daniel was deeply involved in J Street U, serving as both...

Ezra Briskin
Engagement Assistant for the West Coast
Ezra joined J Street’s West Coast team in 2026 after graduating from the University of Oregon, where he earned a B.A. in Planning, Public Policy, and Management. He has been involved with J Street since 2022, serving as J Street U West...

— Team IV —
Tamar Ariel
National Director of Engagement; Director for Capital, South & Mountain West
Tamar returns to J Street as Director of Capital, South, Mountain West, bringing over a decade of experience in advocacy, client and donor engagement, and business management. She previously served at J Street from 2011 to 2015 in...

Allie Berg
Regional Director, DC, Maryland & Virginia
Allie joins J Street with a nonprofit management background from across the DC Metro area. With over a dozen years of experience in nonprofit communications, fundraising, and corporate philanthropy, she specializes in highly personalized...

Emily Gilgoff
Deputy Regional Director, South
Emily Gilgoff joins J Street as Deputy Regional Director for the South, bringing a wealth of experience in community engagement and advocacy to the role. Previously, Emily served as the Assistant Regional Director at the ADL Washington...

Alana Suskin
Associate Regional Director, Mountain West
Rabbi Suskin joined J Street as Associate Regional Director in 2023. She is a long-time activist for the two-state solution, serving on the executive board of T’ruah for many years and as Director of Strategic...

Jacob Lewis
Assistant Director of Public Affairs for the Capital, South, & Mountain West
Jacob joins J Street after completing a fellowship with the Midwest region. In December of 2021 he graduated from American University with a degree in Political Science and Israel Studies. Jacob has a strong background in politics through..

Gabrielle Meisel
Regional Associate, DC, Maryland, & Virginia
Gabi Meisel joins J Street following her time with the Yahel Social Change Fellowship in Israel, a transformative experience that was unexpectedly cut short by the events of October 7th. Originally from Chevy Chase, Maryland, Gabi is a...

Zach Goldberg
Engagement Assistant
Zach joins J Street after graduating from The George Washington University with a degree in Political Science and Economics. Zach has a strong background in politics through his work with campaign finance and federal lobbying firms...

J Street U
Erin Beiner
J Street U Director
Erin is a seasoned organizer and educator with extensive experience in both campus and community organizing. She joined J Street in 2019 after serving as the DC Community Organizer for HIAS through the Avodah Jewish Service Corps. Erin...

Maya Pollack
Deputy Director, J Street U
Maya is an educator and activist. She came to J Street after working for New Story Leadership, an Israel/Palestine advocacy and dialogue organization. Prior to working for NSL, Maya attended American University where she graduated with a...

Adam Deakin
Assistant Director for Communications and Operations, J Street U
Adam is a comms professional and organizer who coordinates J Street U’s communications and public affairs work and the Dounn Congressional Fellowship. Before joining J Street U’s team, Adam worked as an...

Aryeh Filler
Midwest J Street U Coordinator
Aryeh is a proud Jewish advocate. He joins J Street after concluding his year in Avodah’s Jewish Service Corps in Chicago, where he helped provide essential services to Chicagoland’s Jewish community. He is thrilled to be the Midwest...

Alan Rabinovich
Southern J Street U Coordinator
Alan is a first generation American whose family fled the Soviet Union in 1991. He joins the J Street U team after working for the Jewish Democratic Council of America, where he was on the Outreach and Events teams. Alan graduated a...

Shana Gitterman
West Coast J Street U Coordinator
Shana is a dedicated educator and advocate, bringing her passion for social justice to her new role at J Street. Previously based in New York, she worked at a healthcare company that focused on serving and advocating for vulnerable...

Bela Urbina
Mid-Atlantic J Street U Coordinator
Hailing from Miami, Florida, Bela joined J Street after graduating from Florida International University, with a BA in International Relations, a minor in Sociology & Anthropology, a certificate in Latin American & Caribbean Studies, and...

Lucas Lyons
DMV J Street U Coordinator
Lucas joined the J Street U team following a year with the Avodah Jewish Service Corps, during which he served as a community organizer with Jews United for Justice. He studied international development at Tulane University, and has...

Noah Reiser
West Coast J Street U Coordinator
Before relocating to the Bay Area, Noah lived just outside of DC in Maryland. He graduated from the University of Maryland in 2023 with a bachelor's degree with a double major in Government & Politics (International Relations...

Elan Berger
New England J Street U Coordinator
Elan joins J Street U from Southern California, where he previously worked for Newhouse & Creager, LLP as a legal assistant and community relations manager. He graduated from Tulane University in 2023 with a degree in Political Economy...

Israel Team
Nadav Tamir
Executive Director, J Street Israel
Nadav Tamir has dedicated his career to public service, joining the Israeli Foreign Ministry in 1993 and serving in multiple roles, including Political Officer at the Israeli Embassy in Washington, DC. In 2006, he was named Consul Gen...

Eve Lifson
Director of Israel Operations
Eve joined J Street in 2018, most recently as the Deputy Israel Director and previously coordinating J Street U programs in Israel. Originally from Bucks County, Pennsylvania, Eve made Aliyah in 2013 and worked in informal education in...

Danielle Cumpton
Israel Program Senior Associate
Danielle is a seasoned peace activist with extensive experience in cross-border cooperation, dialogue facilitation, and policy advocacy. She has worked with a range of organizations in diverse roles across the peacebuilding field...

Board of Directors
About Us > Board of Directors
J Street Education Fund
Peter Frey
Chair
Peter has been a leader at J Street for over a dozen years. He was Co-Chair of the NYC Chapter for four years, joined the National Board in 2016 and was elected Vice Chair in 2021. He is a retired partner of TRG Management, an emerging...

Mark Zivin
Treasurer
Mark Zivin has recently retired as a partner in the Chicago CPA and consulting firm Morrison & Morrison, Ltd., where he provided accounting, tax and business advice to closely-held businesses and high-net-worth individuals for 40 years...

Kenneth Bob
Kenneth Bob has served as the president of Ameinu (the American Labor Zionist organization) and is a member of the Executive of the World Zionist Organization, and Jewish Agency for Israel’s Board of Governors. He is a member of the...

Nancy Bernstein
Nancy Bernstein is the Co-Chair of J Street Pittsburgh since its launch in 2010. She also serves on the Boards of her synagogue, Congregation Beth Shalom, and the Women Donor’s Network (WDN), and participates on the Overseas Funding...

Morton H. Halperin
Dr. Morton H. Halperin is a Senior Advisor to the Open Society Institute and Open Society Policy Center. A renowned expert on foreign policy and civil liberties, he worked for the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) as its Director of...

Victor A. Kovner
Victor A. Kovner practices law as a partner at Davis, Wright, Tremaine, LLP where he is a nationally known expert in First Amendment law. He represents clients in all aspects of communications law, and advises clients in cases of alleged...

Charles Kremer
Charles Kremer grew up in the UK and moved to the US in 1977 with his Israeli born wife Naomie. He is the President and founder, since 1984, of Access Leasing Corporation, a company that acquires various types of leased transportation...

William Singer
William Singer is among the early supporters of J Street and a longtime leader in civic and political affairs. William, of counsel at Kirkland and Ellis LLP, is a former elected official, an appointee to city, state and national...

Carol Winograd
Dr. Carol Hutner Winograd, MD is an emerita professor of Medicine and Human Biology at Stanford University. She serves in leadership and contributor roles on a number of boards, including, founder and Chair of the Advisory Board of the...

Nancy Buck
Nancy Buck combines professional training in law and social work to focus on conflict resolution in a wide array of settings. A graduate of the University of Toronto School of Social Work, Osgoode Hall Law School (Toronto), and Yale Law...

J Street
Peter Frey
Chair
Peter has been a leader at J Street for over a dozen years. He was Co-chair of the NYC Chapter for four years, joined the National Board in 2016 and was elected Vice Chair in 2021. He is a retired partner of TRG Management, an emerging...

Randi Weingarten
Vice Chair
Randi Weingarten has served as the president of the American Federation of Teachers since 2008, and previously served for 11 years as the president of the United Federation of Teachers in New York City. She has received the Roosevelt Instit

Nancy Reichman
Vice Chair and Chair Elect
Nancy Reichman is Professor Emerita in the Department of Sociology and Criminology at the University of Denver. Her research focuses on the barriers and opportunities for women´s equity and advancement, particularly in the legal...

Mark Zivin
Treasurer
Mark Zivin has recently retired as a partner in the Chicago CPA and consulting firm Morrison & Morrison, Ltd., where he provided accounting, tax and business advice to closely-held businesses and high-net-worth individuals for 40 years...

Ambassador Alan D. Solomont
Chair Emeritus
Ambassador Alan D. Solomont is the Dean of Tufts University's Jonathan M. Tisch College of Citizenship and Public Service. He served as United States Ambassador to Spain and Andorra from 2009-2013. Prior to that, he was Chairman of the...

Jeremy Ben-Ami
President
Jeremy Ben-Ami is the President of J Street, bringing to the role both deep experience in American politics and government and a passionate commitment to the state of Israel. Ben-Ami’s family connection to Israel goes back...

Michael D. Young
Political Committee Chair
Michael D. Young has been active with J Street since 2015 and currently serves as Committee Chair of the Board’s Political Committee. Michael has served as a Board member of the Alliance for Middle East Peace (“ALLMEP”) as well as...

Kenneth Bob
Audit Committee Chair
Kenneth Bob has served as the president of Ameinu (the American Labor Zionist organization) and is a member of the Executive of the World Zionist Organization, and Jewish Agency for Israel’s Board of Governors. He is a member of the...

Larry Gellman
Larry Gellman is a retired Managing Director--Wealth Management at a private worldwide investment firm. He has studied and lectured on Jewish wisdom and ethics in Israel and the U.S. He has spent 40 years as a major Jewish philanthropist

Marci Gerston
Marci Gerston is the co-Chair of J Street’s Silicon Valley chapter. She is also the cochair of J Street’s Regional Advisory Committee and sits on the board of the J Street Action Fund...

Patricia Gordon
Patricia Gordon MD (Harvard ’78, UCLA School of Medicine ’82, Cedars-Sinai Internship ’84) was a radiation oncologist for 27 years. She was a partner at Beverly Hills Radiation Oncology. Her commitment to saving women’s lives in the...

Virginia Gordon
Virginia Gordon helped found and lead the San Diego J Street Chapter and Co-Chairs J Street’s Regional Advisory Committee. She has over 40 years’ experience in grassroots organizing and fundraising and has held leadership positions on...

Jon Greenwald
Jon Greenwald previously served for over fifteen years as Vice President of the International Crisis Group, and for thirty years as a US diplomat. In 2022, President Biden appointed Greenwald as a member of the U.S. Commission for...

Ben Linder
Ben Linder was born in Jerusalem and emigrated to the US as a child. He serves as the J Street NYC Development Chair, as well as serving on the Executive Committee of the Silicon Valley chapter. His Israeli roots inspire his passion for...

Steve Masters
Steve has over 40 years of leadership of Pro-Israel Pro-Peace Pro-Democracy organizations. In Israel, he worked side by side with Israelis and Palestinians as a human rights lawyer at ACRI. In the US, he co-founded and led two national...

Judson Miner
After completing a post-law school clerkship with the Honorable Simon Sobeloff, Judson Miner returned to Chicago on a Reginald Heber Smith fellowship to bring test cases under the newly enacted civil rights laws...

Joseph Pereles
Joe Pereles retired as Senior Vice President Development and General Counsel for Drury Hotels Company in December 2019, after spending 29 years with Drury. Prior to joining Drury in October 1990, Joe was a partner with the St. Louis law...

Ilana Horowitz Ratner
Ilana Horowitz Ratner’s work integrates her skills as a lawyer, community activist, Jewish educator and leadership coach. She has facilitated study and training sessions for those committed to social change through various organizations...

Ben Samuels
Ben Samuels is the Director of the Samuels Family Foundation which supports education, children, civil rights, and the Jewish Community. Ben is the former CEO of Victory Packaging, the company he led for most of his career. He joined...

Cary Sherman
Cary Sherman previously served as Chairman and CEO of the Recording Industry Association of America and as a senior partner at the law firm of Arnold & Porter. He is also the Co-Chair of J Street’s Regional Advisory Committee, and will...

Phyllis Snyder
Phyllis Snyder leads the Philadelphia chapter of J Street and served as co-chair of the Regional Advisory Committee for three years.  She worked for over forty years for nonprofits focused on linking learning and work to help adults...

Representative John Yarmuth
John Yarmuth served eight terms as the Representative of Kentucky’s third Congressional District, which includes most of the Louisville Metro area, and was Chairman of the House Budget Committee from 2019-2023. Congressman Yarmuth co-led...

Nancy Goroff
Nancy Goroff serves as treasurer and co-founder of the Long Island Strong Schools Alliance (LISSA), a nonprofit organization founded in 2021 to support educational policies in public schools on Long Island that focus on civic engagement..

Jill Chessen
Jill Chessen is a real estate agent with the Ron Sitrin Team of Long & Foster, bringing over 30 years of experience in the industry. She previously practiced real estate law for many years at Holland & Knight ...

Paige Alexander
Paige Alexander serves as chief executive officer of The Carter Center, a nonprofit organization founded in 1982 by former U.S. President Jimmy Carter and former First Lady Rosalynn Carter to advance peace and health worldwide.

Rabbinic and Cantorial Cabinet
The J Street Rabbinic and Cantorial Cabinet is a group of over 1000 rabbis, cantors, rabbinic and cantorial students who publicly support J Street’s pro-Israel, pro-peace, pro-democracy mission.
Cabinet Homepage
Join the cabinet
Principles
Clergy Advisory Council
Sermons and Rabbinic Texts
Clergy Spotlight
The J Street  Rabbinic and Cantorial Cabinet is a group of over 1000 rabbis, cantors, rabbinic and cantorial students who publicly support J Street’s pro-Israel, pro-peace, pro-democracy mission.

Clergy play a critical role in our movement. They are powerful ambassadors and moral leaders who have significant influence with Members of Congress, Jewish communal leaders, American Jewry, the media and general public. Rabbis and cantors have the ability to reach large numbers Jews from the pulpit, in classrooms, and through the pages of Jewish and mainstream publications and blogs.

Read More
By signing on to the Rabbinic Cabinet and Cantorial Cabinet, members are committing to these principles.

Join the Rabbinic and Cantorial Cabinet
Sign up to become part of J Street's Rabbinic Cabinet of religious leaders (rabbis, cantors, rabbinical and cantorial students) who support two states and Israel as the homeland of the Jewish people.

Sign up
Cabinet Co-Chairs
Rabbi Fred Reeves
Chicago, IL
Rabbi Frederick Reeves is the Director of Jewish Programs at the One America Movement, whose mission is to organize faith leaders to eliminate toxic polarization in American society...

Rabbi Yohanna Kinberg
Kirkland, Washington
Rabbi Yohanna Kinberg has been the Senior Rabbi and Director of Education at Kol Ami: A Center for Jewish Life in Kirkland, WA for a decade and has served the greater Seattle area as a rabbi for over 20 years. She is of Israeli and...

Rabbi Sharon Kleinbaum
New York, NY
Rabbi Sharon Kleinbaum served for 32 years as Senior Rabbi of Congregation Beit Simchat Torah in New York City — the largest LGBTQ+ synagogue in the world, for people of all sexual identities and genders — where she is now...

Rabbi Marc Israel
Since June 2019, Marc Israel has been the rabbi of Tikvat Israel in Rockville, MD. He previously served as associate rabbi at Temple Beth Hillel–Beth El (Wynnewood, PA) and as educator at Ohr Kodesh Congregation (Chevy Chase, MD)...

Cabinet Members

State…

Clergy type…
Search names...
A
Rabbi Joshua Aaronson   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Eric L. Abbott   Bethesda, Maryland
Shani Abramowitz   Lexington, Kentucky
Rabbi Alison Abrams   Chicago, Illinois
Cantor Nancy Abramson   New York, New York
Rabbi David Ackerman   Penn Valley, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Rachel Ackerman   Chevy Chase, Maryland
Rabbi Ruth Adar   Oakland, California
Rabbi Howard Avruhm Addison   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi David Adelson   Brooklyn, New York
Rabbi Jonathon Adler   Marietta, Georgia
Rabbi Rachel Adler   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Esther Adler   St. Paul, Minnesota
Rabbi Aura Ahuvia   Ann Arbor, Michigan
Rabbi Liora Alban   Beverly Hills, California
Rabbi Nathan Alfred   Flushing, New York
Cantor Sheri Allen   Fort Worth, Texas
Rabbi Katy Z. Allen   Wayland, Massachusetts
Rabbi Adam Allenberg   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Douglas Alpert   Kansas City, Missouri
Rabbi Thomas Alpert   Franklin, Massachusetts
Rabbi Rebecca Alpert   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Steven Altarescu   Bronx, New York
Rabbi Renni S. Altman   Poughkeepsie, New York
Rabbi George Altshuler   San Francisco, California
Rabbi Benjamin Altshuler   West Bloomfield Township, Michigan
Rabbi Yehoyada Amir   Jerusalem, Israel
Rabbi Camille Shira Angel   San Francisco, California
Rabbi Max Antman   Chicago, Illinois
Rabbi Teri Erin Appleby   Omaha, Nebraska
Cantor Lisa Arbisser   New York, New York
Charles Arian   Montgomery Village, Maryland
Rabbi David Ariel-Joel   Louisville, Kentucky
Rabbi Jamie Arnold   Evergreen, Colorado
Rabbi Melanie Aron   Los Gatos, California
Rabbi Emily Aronson   New York, New York
Rabbi Bradley Artson   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Arik W. Ascherman   Jerusalem, Israel
Rabbi Raphael Asher   Walnut Creek, California
Rabbi Zohar Atkins   New York, New York
Rabbi Nicole Auerbach   New York, New York
Rabbi Guy Austrian   New York, New York
Rabbi Susan J. Averbach   San Francisco, California
Cantor Devorah Avery   Boulder, Colorado
Caryn Aviv   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Cantor Ilana Axel   Buffalo Grove, Illinois
Rabbi Aryeh Azriel   Omaha, Nebraska
B
Rabbi Lev Baesh   Austin, Texas
Rabbi Chava Bahle   Suttons Bay, Michigan
Rabbi Justus Baird   Princeton, New Jersey
Rabbi Daniel Bar-Nahum   Merrick, New York
Rabbi Amy Bardack   Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Rachel Evelyne Barenblat   North Adams, Massachusetts
Rabbi Meir Bargeron   Fort Wayne, Indiana
Rabbi Uri Barnea   Billings, Montana
Cantor Barbara Barnett   Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Cantor Kathy Barr   Bronx, New York
Rabbi Bernard Barsky   Dayton, Ohio
Rabbi Lewis M. Barth   Encino, California
Rabbi Geoff Basik   Baltimore, Maryland
Rabbi Eliot J. Baskin   Denver, Colorado
Rabbi Sarah Bassin   Washington, District of Columbia
Rabbi David Dunn Bauer   Elkins Park, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Renee H. Bauer   Madison, Wisconsin
Rabbi David Baylinson (z”l)   Atlanta, Georgia
Rabbi Philip Bazeley   New Brunswick, New Jersey
Rabbi Michael Beals   Wilmington, Delaware
Rabbi Dennis Beck-Berman   Richmond, Virginia
Rabbi Shelley Kovar Becker   Cohoes, New York
Rabbi Micah Becker-Klein   Bennington, Vermont
Rabbi Martin Beifeld   Richmond, Virginia
Rabbi Judith Beiner   Atlanta, Georgia
Rachel Sabath Beit-Halachmi, PhD   Baltimore, Maryland
Rabbi Annie E. Belford   Houston, Texas
Rabbi Marc J. Belgrad   Buffalo Grove, Illinois
Rabbi Haim Dov Beliak   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Laura Bellows   Newtown Centre, Massachusetts
Rabbi Lisa Bellows   Buffalo Grove, Illinois
Rabbi Adam Bellows   West Lafayette, Indiana
Rabbi Marci N. Bellows   Chester, Connecticut
Rabbi Arnold Mark Belzer   Savannah, Georgia
Rabbi Jordan Bendat-Appel   Toronto, Canada
Rabbi Karen Bender   Tarzana, California
Rabbi Oliver Solomon BenHaim   Seattle, Washington
Rabbi Julie Benioff   Ashland, Oregon
Rabbi Allen Bennett   San Francisco, California
Rabbi James M. Bennett   St Louis, Missouri
Rabbi Cantor Bruce Benson   Port St. Lucie, Florida
Rabbi Philip J. Bentley   Hendersonville, North Carolina
Rabbi Julia Berg   Burlingame, California
Cantor David Berger   Chicago, Illinois
Rabbi Alan Berkowitz   New York, New York
Rabbi Leah Rachel Berkowitz   Elkins Park, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Allan Berkowitz   Kensington, California
Rabbi Marc Berkson   Milwuakee, Wisconsin
Rabbi Donald R. Berlin   Bethesda, Maryland
Rabbi Donna Berman   Bloomfield, Connecticut
Rabbi Howard Berman (z”l)   Jamaica Plain, Massachusetts
Rabbi Marjorie Berman   Clarks Summit, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Phyllis Ocean Berman   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Sarah Berman   New York, New York
Cantor Jennifer Bern-Vogel   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Tim Daniel Bernard   New York, New York
Rabbi Leila Gal Berner   Frederick, Maryland
Rabbi Dahlia Bernstein   Scarsdale, New York
Rabbi Kevin Bernstein   Elkins Park, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Amy Bernstein   Pacific Palisades, California
Cantor Suzanne Bernstein   Staten Island, New York
Rabbi Stephanie Bernstein   Washington, District of Columbia
Rabbi Alison Berry   Canton, Massachusetts
Rabbi ElizaBeth Beyer   Reno, Nevada
Rabbi Jonathan Biatch   Tempe, Arizona
Rabbi Binyamin R. Biber   Silver Spring, Maryland
Cantor Freyda Black   Chemung, New York
Rabbi Joe Black   Denver, Colorado
Rabbi Steven Blane   New York, New York
Cantor Emily Blank   Brentwood, Maryland
Rabbi Arthur Blecher   Washington, District of Columbia
Rabbi Barry Block   Little Rock, Arkansas
Rabbi Bernard Bloom (z”l)   Saratoga Springs, New York
Rabbi Herman J. Blumberg   Newton, Massachusetts
Rabbi Rena Blumenthal   New Paltz, New York
Rabbi Shalom Bochner   Petaluma, California
Rabbi Eliav Bock   Denver, Colorado
Rabbi Samantha Safran Bodner   Marblehead, Massachusetts
Rabbi Joshua Boettiger   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Buz Bogage (z”l)   Denver, Colorado
Rabbi Daniel Bogard   Creve Couer, Missouri
Rabbi Karen Bogard   Creve Couer, Missouri
Rabbi Bella Bogart   St Augustine, Florida
Rabbi Elizabeth Bolton   Ottowa, Canada
Rabbi Stephen Booth-Nadav   Denver, Colorado
Rabbi Jill Borodin   Seattle, Washington
Rabbi Neal Ivan Borovitz   New York, New York
Rabbi Anna S. Boswell-Levy   Yardley, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Bradd Boxman   Parkland, Florida
Leslie F. Boyer   Albany, New York
Cantor Jennifer Boyle   Penn Valley, Pennsylvania
Christopher Braddock   Buxton, England
Cantor Ruti Braier   Irvine, California
Alex Braver   Columbus, Ohio
Rabbi Jancie Elster   Morristown, New Jersey
Rabbi Rachael M. Bregman   Charlotte, North Carolina
Cantor Josh Breitzer   Brooklyn, New York
Rabbi Anne Brener   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Reeve Robert Brenner   Rockville, Maryland
Rabbi Julie Bressler   Piedmont, California
Rabbi Jay Brickman (z”l)   Fox Point, Wisconsin
Rabbi Barnett Brickner   Columbus, Ohio
Rabbi Dan Bridge   Seattle, Washington
Rabbi Charles Briskin   Newtown, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Gill Brociner   New York, New York
Rabbi Herbert Brockman   Hamden, Connecticut
Cantor Vera Broekhuysen   North Andover, Massachusetts
Rabbi Caryn Broitman   Vineyard Haven, Massachusetts
Rabbi Daniel M. Bronstein   Brooklyn, New York
Rabbi Lester Bronstein   White Plains, New York
Rabbi Herbert Bronstein z’l   Evanston, Illinois
Rabbi Marcelo Bronstein   New York, New York
Rabbi Deborah Bronstein   Boulder, Colorado
Rabbi Samuel Broude (z”l)   Oakland, California
Rabbi Sharon Brous   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Michaela Brown   Northfield, Minnesota
Rabbi Jeffrey Brown   Scarsdale, New York
Rabbi Josh Brown   Bath, Ohio
Rabbi Jonathan D. Brumberg-Kraus   Providence, Rhode Island
Rabbi David Brusin   Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Cantor Paul Buch   Claremont, California
Rabbi Yechiel Buchband   Valley Stream, New York
Cantor Scott Buckner   Manchester Center, Vermont
Rabbi Susan D. Bulba Carvutto   Winthrop, Maine
Rabbi Janet Burden   London, England
Rabbi Josh Louis Burrows   San Diego, California
Lee Bycel   Kensington, California
C
Rabbi Meredith Cahn   Truckee, California
Rabbi Ivan Caine   Richmond, Massachusetts
Rabbi Nadav Caine   Ann Arbor, Michigan
Rabbi Anna Calamaro   Glencoe, Illinois
Emmanuel Calef   New York, New York
Rabbi Harold Caminker   Holly Springs, North Carolina
Rabbi Faith Cantor   Annapolis, Maryland
Rabbi Debra S. Cantor   Bloomfield, Connecticut
Brianah Caplan   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Nina Cardin   Baltimore, Maryland
Rabbi Matt Carl   Brooklyn, New York
Rabbi Reba Carmel   Cheltenham, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Leah Carnow   Brookline, Massachusetts
Cantor Susan Caro   Reston, Virginia
Rabbi Melissa Carp Lefkowitz   Maple Glen, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Carie Carter   Brooklyn, New York
Rabbi Donald P. Cashman   Albany, New York
Rabbi David Castiglione   Poway, California
Rabbi Jennie Chabon   Walnut Creek, California
Rabbi Max Chaiken   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Adam Chalom   Highland Park, Illinois
Rabbi Joshua Chasan   Portland, Maine
Rabbi Ken Chasen   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Mari Chernow   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Steven Chester   Oakland, California
Cantor Jack Chomsky   Tel Aviv, Israel
Rabbi Carl Choper   Harrisburg, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Geoffrey Claussen   Greensboro, North Carolina
Rabbi Howard A. Cohen   Bennington, Vermont
Rabbi Eric Cohen   Flemington, New Jersey
Rabbi Aryeh S. Cohen   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Michael Theodore Cohen   Dallas, Texas
Rabbi Ayelet S. Cohen   New York, New York
Rabbi Tamara R. Cohen   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Deborah Bodin Cohen   Rockville, Maryland
Rabbi H. Hirsch Cohen (z”l)   Centerville, Massachusetts
Rabbi Jaclyn F. Cohen   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Debrah Cohen   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Henry Cohen (z”l)   Wynnewood, Pennsylvania
Cantor Ken Cohen   Santa Monica, California
Cantor Gerald Cohen   Yonkers, New York
Rabbi Michael Cohen   Newton, Massachusetts
Rabbi Howard Cohen   Marshfield, Florida
Rabbi Heidi Cohen   Irvine, California
Rabbi Abby Cohen   Portland, Oregon
Rabbi Andrea Cohen-Kiener   Greenfield, Massachusetts
Rabbi Judy Cohen-Rosenberg   Pittsboro, North Carolina
Rabbi Dianne Cohler-Esses   New York, New York
Rabbi Edward Paul Cohn   Atlanta, Georgia
Rabbi Hillel Cohn   San Bernardino, California
Rabbi Neil Comess-Daniels   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Mike Comins   Plano, Texas
Rabbi Shoshanah Conover   Chicago, Illinois
Rabbi Julian Cook   Denver, Colorado
Rabbi David J. Cooper   Berkeley, California
Rabbi Fredi Cooper   Wyndmoor, Pennsylvania
Rabbi John D. Cooper   Sunshine Coast QLD, Australia
Rabbi Laurie Coskey   San Diego, California
Rabbi Andie Cosnowsky   Lombard, Illinois
Rabbi Cantor Kyle Cotler   Calabasas, California
Rabbi Deena Cowans   New York, New York
Rabbi Jill Cozen-Harel   San Francisco, California
Rabbi Jonathan K. Crane   Decatur, Georgia
Rabbi Meryl M. Crean   Upper Gynedd, Pennsylvania
Cantor Laura Croen   Chevy Chase, Maryland
Rabbi Rogerio Z. Cukierman   São Paulo, Brazil, Brazil
Rabbi Matthew Cutler   Schenectady, New York
Rabbi William Cutter   Los Angeles, California
D
Rabbi Julie Danan   Rehoboth Beach, Delaware
Rabbi Faith Joy Dantowitz   Los Altos Hills, California
Rabbi Sydney Danziger   Kenmore, Washington
Rabbi Harry Danziger   Memphis, Tennessee
Rabbi Michelle Dardashti   Brooklyn, New York
Rabbi Stanley Davids (z”l)   Santa Monica, California
Rabbi Benjamin David   Elkins Park, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Justin David   Beacon, New York
Rabbi Jerome Kulka Davidson   Great Neck, New York
Rabbi Rachel Davidson   Shaker Heights, Ohio
Rabbi Richard A. Davis   New York, New York
Rabbi Getzel Davis   Cambridge, Massachusetts
Rabbi Stuart Davis (z”l)   Kansas City, Kansas
Rabbi Cantor Michael Davis   Chicago, Illinois
Rabbi Mona Decker   Jacksonville, Florida
Rabbi Jessica Dell’Era   Medford, Massachusetts
Sarah DePaolo   Irvine, California
Rabbi Lavey Yitzchak Derby   Millbrae, California
Rabbi Noah Diamondstein   Silver Spring, Maryland
Rabbi Yossef Dini   New York, New York
Rabbi Marc L. Disick   Marlboro, New Jersey
Rabbi Fred Scherlinder Dobb   Washington, District of Columbia, Maryland
Rabbi Robert Dobrusin   Ann Arbor, Michigan
Rabbi Calvin Dox-DaCosta   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Meghan Doherty   Oberlin, Ohio
Rabbi Boris Dolin   Montreal, Canada
Rabbi Elliot Dorff   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Tyler Dratch   Baltimore, Maryland
Rabbi Matt Dreffin   Birmingham, Alabama
Rabbi William Dreskin   Ardsley, New York
Cantor Ellen Dreskin   Ardsley, New York
Rabbi Israel S. Dresner z”l   Wayne, New Jersey
Rabbi Hannah Dresner   Oakland, California
Zoe Dressner-Wolberg   New York, New York
Rabbi Ellen Weinberg Dreyfus   Highland Park, Illinois
Rabbi George B. Driesen   Bethesda, Maryland
Rabbi Paula Drill   West Caldwell, New Jersey
Rabbi Malka Drucker   Santa Barbara, California
Risa Dunbar   Somerville, Massachusetts
Rabbi Marc Dworkin   Long Beach, California
Rabbi Shosh Dworsky   Saint Paul, Minnesota
Rabbi Doris Dyen   Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
E
Rabbi David Eber   Naperville, Illinois
Rabbi Joseph Edelheit   Minneapolis, Minnesota
Rabbi Renee Edelman   Monmouth, New Jersey
Rabbi Judith Barbara Edelstein   New York, New York
Rabbi Ariel Edery   Holly Springs, North Carolina
Rabbi Laurence Edwards   Chicago, Illinois
Rabbi Lisa A. Edwards   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi H. Bruce Ehrmann (z”l)   Randolph, Massachusetts
Rabbi Joab Eichenberg-Eilon   Marietta, Georgia
Rabbi Joseph Eiduson   Westborough, Massachusetts
Rabbi Amy Eilberg   Los Altos, California
Tehilah Eisenstadt   Brooklyn, New York
Rabbi Jeff Eisenstat   Gladwyne, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Marc Ekstrand   New London, Connecticut
Rabbi Bruce Elder   Highland Park, Illinois
Rabbi Edward Elkin   Toronto, Ontario
Rabbi Rafi Ellenson   Los Gatos, California
Rabbi Diane A. Elliot   El Sobrante, California
Rabbi David Ellis   Halifax, Nova Scotia
Rabbi Anthony Elman   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Sue Levi Elwell   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Greg M. Epstein   Cambridge, Massachusetts
Rabbi Daniel Epstein   Baltimore, Maryland
Rabbi Andrew Vogel Ettin   Pfafftown, North Carolina
F
Rabbi Nathaniel Faber   New York, New York
Rabbi Theodore G. Falcon   Seattle, Washington
Rabbi Susan Falk   New York, New York
Rabbi Gabriel Farhi   Paris, France
Rabbi James Feder   Bloomfield, New Jersey
Rabbi David Feder   Louisville, Kentucky
Rabbi Michael Edward Feinberg   New York, New York
Rabbi Charles M. Feinberg   Washington, District of Columbia
Rabbi Dena A. Feingold   Kenosha, Wisconsin
Rabbi Edward Feld   Northampton, Massachusetts
Cantor Devorah Felder-Levy   Los Gatos, California
Rabbi John Feldman   Albuquerque, New Mexico
Rabbi Ted Feldman   Petaluma, California
Andi Feldman   New York, New York
Rabbi Theodore Feldman   Petaluma, California
Rabbi Daniel Fellman   Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Zev-Hayyim Feyer   Stone Mountain, Georgia
Rabbi Brian Field   Boulder, Colorado
Rabbi Aaron Fine   Amherst, Massachusetts
Rabbi Jacob Fine   Northampton, Massachusetts
Rabbi Avi Fine   Bellevue, Washington
Rabbi David Fine   Seattle, Washington
Rabbi Steven Fineblum   Cinnaminson, New Jersey
Cantor Alisa Fineman   Carmel, California
Rabbi Daniel Fink   Boise, Idaho
Rabbi Brian Fink   Brooklyn, New York
Rabbi Hindy Finman   Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Reuven Firestone   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Tirzah Firestone   Boulder, Colorado
Cantor Yael Fischman   Hyattsville, Maryland
Rabbi Adam Fisher   Port Jefferson Station, New York
Rabbi Nicole Fix   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Alan Flam   Barrington, Rhode Island
Rabbi Nancy Flam   Northampton, Massachusetts
Rabbi Joel Fleekop   Pensacola, Florida
Rabbi Randy Craig Fleisher   St. Louis, Missouri
Cantor Rebecca Joy Fletcher   Brooklyn, New York
Rabbi Arthur Flicker   Albuquerque, New Mexico
Rabbi Daniel Fliegel   Hartford, Connecticut
Rabbi Steven Folberg   Tempe, Arizona
Rabbi Betsy Forester   Madison, Wisconsin
Rabbi Jeff Foust   Newton Center, Massachusetts
Rabbi Karen L. Fox   Beverly Hills, California
Cantor Shelly Fox   Los Angeles, California
Cantor Asa Fradkin   Bethesda, Maryland
Rabbi Alice Frank   New York, New York
Cantor Erin Frankel   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi John Franken   Tel Aviv, Israel, Maryland
Rabbi Wayne Franklin   Providence, Rhode Island
Rabbi Stephen Franklin   Yonkers, New York
Laurie Franklin   Missoula, Montana
Rabbi Les Frazin (z”l)   Hollywood, Florida
Rabbi Zach Fredman   New York City, New York
Rabbi Eli Freedman   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Larry Freedman   Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Daniel Freedman   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi David Freedman   Rochester, Minnesota
Rabbi Allen Freehling (z”l)   Pacific Palisades, California
Rabbi Jonathan Freirich   Buffalo, New York
Rabbi Natan Freller   São Paulo, Brazil
Rabbi Benjamin Fried   San Diego, California
Cantor Howard Friedland   Evanston, Illinois
Lee Friedlander   Roslyn Heights, New York
Jordan Friedman   New York, New York
Rabbi Micah Friedman   Vestal , New York
Rabbi Joan S. Friedman   Wooster, Ohio
Rabbi John Friedman   Durham, North Carolina
Rabbi Suri Friedman (z”l)   Seattle, Washington
Rabbi Dayle Friedman   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Stacy Friedman   San Rafael, California
Rabbi Marsha Friedman   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Dara Frimmer   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Elyse Frishman   Ridgewood, New Jersey
Cantor David Frommer   San Francisco, California
Rabbi Pamela Frydman   San Francisco, California
Rabbi Alan D. Fuchs   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Natan Fuchs   Lathrup Village, Michigan
Rabbi Leo Fuchs   San Rafael, California
Rabbi Nancy Fuchs-Kreimer   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Serena L. Fujita   Somerville, Massachusetts
Rabbi Gordon Fuller   Columbia, Maryland
Rabbi Capers Funnye   Chicago, Illinois
Rabbi Roy S. Furman   Chicago, Illinois
G
Rabbi Ruth Gais   Summit, New Jersey
Rabbi Joyce Galaski (z”l)   Amherst, Massachusetts
Rabbi Hillel Gamoran   Evanston, Illinois
Rabbi Gary Gans   Marlton, New Jersey
Rabbi Steven Garten   Ottawa, Canada
Rabbi Dov Gartenberg   Albuquerque, New Mexico
Rabbi Rachel Gartner   Washington, District of Columbia
Rabbi Jonah Geffen   New York, New York
Rabbi Daniel Geffen   Sag Harbor, New York
Rabbi Ruth Gelfarb   Boulder, Colorado
Rabbi Laura Geller   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Scott Gellman   Chicago, Illinois
Rabbi Everett E. Gendler (z”l)   Sarasota , Florida
Rabbi Sarah Bracha Gershuny   Boulder, Colorado
Rabbi Jordie Gerson   Greenwich, Connecticut
Rabbi Neil Gillman (z”l)   New York, New York
Rabbi Elliot K. Ginsburg   Ann Arbor, Michigan
Rabbi Larry Ginsburg   Durham, North Carolina
Rabbi Joshua Gischner   Chevy Chase, Maryland
Rabbi George Gittleman   Santa Rosa, California
Rabbi Chana Leslie Glazer   Ardmore, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Miriyam Glazer   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Rosalind Glazer   Jerusalem, Israel
Micah Glickman   New York, New York
Rabbi Mark Glickman   Calgary, Canada
Rabbi Robert J. Gluck   Albany, New York
Rabbi Donald Gluckman   Asheville, North Carolina
Rabbi Dr. Laura Gold   New York, New York
Rabbi Rosalind A. Gold   Reston, Virginia
Rabbi Susan Goldberg   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Edwin Goldberg   The Woodlands, Texas
Rabbi Jessica Goldberg   Lewisburg, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Dan Goldblatt   Danville, California
Rabbi Rachel Goldenberg   Jackson Heights, New York
Rabbi Irwin N. Goldenberg   Forest Hills, New York
Cantor Devin Goldenberg   Worcester, Massachusetts
Rabbi Robert Goldenberg (z”l)   Princeton, New Jersey
Rabbi Eva Goldfinger   Toronto, Canada
Rabbi Yosef Goldman   Brooklyn, New York
Rabbi Michael Mordechai Goldman   White Plains, New York
Cantor Elizabeth Goldmann   Nanuet, New York
Rabbi Megan GoldMarche   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Emanuel Goldsmith z”l   Rockville, Maryland
Rabbi David Goldstein   New Orleans, Louisiana
Rabbi Debra E. Goldstein   Natick, Massachusetts
Rabbi Seth Goldstein   Olympia, Washington
Rabbi Jerrold Goldstein (z”l)   Sherman Oaks, California
Rabbi Hannah Goldstein   Washington, District of Columbia
Rabbi Andrea Goldstein   St. Louis, Missouri
Rabbi Niles Goldstein   Napa, California
Rabbi Jeffrey Wolfson Goldwasser   East Greenwich, Rhode Island
Cantor Joseph Gole   Indio, California
Rabbi Paul Golomb   New York, New York
Rabbi Marvin Goodman   California, California
Rabbi Sara Goodman   Santa Monica, California
Rabbi Sol Goodman   East Providence, Rhode Island
Rabbi Linda Henry Goodman   Garden City, New York
David N. Goodman   Elkins Park, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Donald Goor   Tel Aviv, Israel
Rabbi Marc H. Gopin   Arlington, Virginia
Rabbi David Gordis   Voorheesville, New York
Rabbi Dan Gordon   Humble, Texas
Rabbi Debora S. Gordon   Troy, New York
Rabbi Maralee Gordon   Woodstock, Illinois
Rabbi Samuel Gordon   Wilmette, Illinois
Rabbi Julie Gordon   Falls Church, Virginia
Rabbi Andy Gordon   Baltimore, Maryland
Rabbi Leonard Gordon   Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts
Rabbi Andrea M. Gouze   Canton, Massachusetts
Rabbi Lauren Grabelle Herrmann   New York, New York
Rabbi Roberto Graetz   Lafayette, California
Rabbi Lisa Grant   Brooklyn, New York
Rabbi Philip Graubart   San Diego, California
Rabbi Robert Green   Montclair, New Jersey
Cantor Orna Green   Haifa, Israel
Rabbi Laurie Green   Baltimore, Maryland
Rabbi Arthur Green   Newton, Massachusetts
Rabbi Alan Greenbaum   Grass Valley, California
Rabbi Bruce Greenbaum   Carmel-by-the-Sea, California
Rabbi Joshua Greenberg   Andover, Massachusetts
Cantor Tanya Greenblatt   Tampa, Florida
Rabbi James Greene   Stafford Springs, Connecticut
Rabbi Fred Greene   Boulder, Colorado
Rabbi Jarah Greenfield   North Adams, Massachusetts
Rabbi Frederick E. Greenspahn   Denver, Colorado
Rabbi David Greenstein   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Reuven Greenvald   Jerusalem, Israel
Rabbi Michael Greenwald   Canton, New York
Rabbi Nicole Greninger   Lafayette, California
Rabbi Suzanne Griffel   Chicago, Illinois
Rabbi Alexander Grodensky   Esch-sur-Alzettem, Luxembourg
Rabbi Steve Gross   Houston, Texas
Rabbi Victor Gross   Erie, Colorado
Rabbi Frederick Grossman   Seattle, Washington
Rabbi Marc Gruber   Bethesda, Maryland
Rabbi Salomon Gruenwald   Denver, Colorado
Rabbi Jennifer A. Gubitz   Newton, Massachusetts
Rabbi Susan Gulack   Albany, New York
Rabbi Thomas Gutherz   Charlottesville, Virginia
Rabbi Joshua Gutoff   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Steve Gutow   New York, New York
H
Rabbi Peter Haas   Shaker Heights, Ohio
Rabbi Lara Haft   London, England
Rabbi Laurie Hahn-Tapper   Redwood City, California
Rabbi Ilene Haigh   Woodstock, Vermont
Rabbi Judith Halevy   Malibu, California
Rabbi Moshe Ralph Halfon   Cheyenne, Wyoming
Rabbi Larry Halpern   Atlanta, Georgia
Rabbi Eytan Hammerman   Flushing, New York
Rabbi Richard Hammerman   Caldwell, New Jersey
Rabbi Joshua Hammerman   Stamford, Connecticut
Rabbi Laura Harari   Laguna Woods, California
Rabbi Edwin S. S. Harris   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Maurice D. Harris   Glenside, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Cantor Rhoda Harrison   Millville, New Jersey
Rabbi Stephen Hart   Buffalo Grove, Illinois
Rabbi Patti Haskell   Asheville, North Carolina
Rabbi Jill Hausman   New York, New York
Rabbi Doug Heifetz   Silver Spring, Maryland
Rabbi Melissa Heller   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Lauren Henderson   Sandy Springs , Georgia
Rabbi Sharyn Henry   Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Cantor George Henschel   Baltimore, Maryland
Rabbi Eli Herb   Salem, Oregon
Rabbi Floyd L. Herman   Baltimore, Maryland
Rabbi B Charles Herring   Phoenix, Arizona
Cantor Rachel A. Hersh   Bethesda, Maryland
Rabbi Johanna Hershenson   Boise, Idaho
Rabbi Rachel Hertzman   New York, New York
Rabbi Lizzi Heydemann   Chicago, Illinois
Rabbi Jay B. Heyman   Santa Fe, New Mexico
Rabbi Moshe Heyn   Half Moon Bay, California
Rabbi Elana Ackerman Hirsch   San Diego, California
Rabbi Erin Hirsh   Glenside, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Lisa Hochberg-Miller   Ventura, California
Rabbi Lawrence Hoffman   Mamaroneck, New York
Rabbi Miriam Hoffman   Rockville, Maryland
Rabbi Cynthia Hoffman   Davis, California
Rabbi Jeffrey Hoffman   Federick, Maryland
Rabbi Marcelle Hohl   New York, New York
Rabbi Lauren Holtzblatt   Washington, District of Columbia
Rabbi Emily JK Holtzman   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Michael G. Holzman   Reston, Virginia
Rabbi Heidi Hoover   Brooklyn, New York
Cantor Terry Spring Horowit   Albany, New York
Rabbi Sarit Horwitz   Memphis, Tennessee
Rabbi Jocee Hudson   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Margo Hughes-Robinson   New York, New York
Rabbi Geoffrey Huntting   Sarasota, Florida
Rabbi Mark Samuel Hurvitz   New York, New York
Rabbi Yitzhak Husbands-Hankin   Eugene, Oregon
I
Rabbi Shirley Idelson   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Brian Immerman   Wilmette, Connecticut
Rabbi David A. Ingber   New York, New York
Rabbi Sandi Intraub   Belmont, Massachusetts
Rabbi Daniel J. Isaak   Portland, Oregon
Rabbi Sheldon Isenberg (z”l)   Gainesville, Florida
Rabbi Marc Israel   Rockville, Maryland
Rabbi Brett Isserow   Alexandria, Virginia
J
Rabbi Jill Jacobs   New York, New York
Rabbi Steven B. Jacobs   Alameda, California
Jessica Jacobs   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Steven Jacobs   Alameda, California
Rabbi Joshua Jacobs-Velde   Silver Spring, Maryland
Rabbi Daria Jacobs-Velde   Silver Spring, Maryland
Rabbi Suzie Jacobson   Boston, Massachusetts
Rabbi Devorah L. Jacobson   Hadley, Massachusetts
Rabbi Burt Jacobson (z”l)   Richmond, California
Rabbi Jennifer A. Jaech   Peekskill, New York
Rabbi David L. Jaffe   Sharon, Massachusetts
Rabbi Ellen Jaffe-Gill   Virginia Beach, Virginia
Rabbi Marisa James   New York, New York
Rabbi Norman E. Janis   Brookline, Massachusetts
Rabbi Beth Janus   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Amita Jarmon   Brattleboro, Vermont
Rabbi Miriam Jerris   Huntington Woods, Michigan
Rabbi Rebecca M. Joseph   Fairfax, Virginia
Rabbi David H. Joslin   Plattsburgh, New York
Rabbi Robert D. Judd   Brooklyn, New York
Rabbi Daniel Judson   Newton Centre, Massachusetts
Rabbi Leah Julian   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Raachel Jurovics (z”l)   Raleigh, North Carolina
K
Rabbi Randy Kafka   Stoughton, Massachusetts
Rabbi Yoel Kahn   Berkeley, California
Rabbi Rachel Kahn-Troster   Teaneck, New Jersey
Rabbi David Kaiman   Gainesville, Florida
Rabbi Ari Kaiman   Atlanta, Georgia
Emily Kaiman   Atlanta, Georgia
Rabbi Mark Kaiserman   Forest Hills, New York
Rabbi Jeremy Kalmanofsky   New York, New York
Rabbi Michal Morris Kamil   Broomall, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Jeffrey Kamins   Sydney, Australia
Rabbi Susan Kanoff   Wynnewood, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Raphael Joshua Kanter   New Bedford, Massachusetts
Rabbi Sammy Kanter   Cincinnati, Ohio
Rabbi Rachel Tali Kaplan   Newtonville, Massachusetts
Rabbi Paul Kaplan (z”l)   Bloomington, Illinois
Nalini Indorf Kaplan   Boulder, Colorado
Rabbi Patricia Karlin-Neumann   Palo Alto, California
Rabbi Molly Karp   New City, New York
Ally Karpel-Pomerantz   Los Angeles, California
Hannah Karpel-Pomerantz   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Peter Kasdan   Longboat Key, Florida
Rabbi Debra Kassoff   Jackson, Mississippi
Rabbi Nancy Kasten   Dallas, Texas
Rabbi Emily Katcher   Bremerton, Washington
Rabbi Marc Katz   Bloomfield, New Jersey
Rabbi HIllel Katzir   Fort Collins, Colorado
Cantor Aviva Katzman   Chicago, Illinois
Rabbi Jim Kaufman   Los Angeles, California
Cantor Jason Kaufman   Alexandria, Virginia
Rabbi Stuart L. Kelman   Berkeley, California
Cantor Evan Kent   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Justin Kerber   Carmel, Indiana
Rabbi Peg Kershenbaum   Pocono Pines, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Dean Kertesz   El Cerrito, California
Cantor Jack Kessler (z”l)   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Stanley Kessler (z”l)   West Hartford, Connecticut
Rabbi Jason Kimelman-Block   Washington, District of Columbia, Maryland
Rabbi Yohanna Kinberg   Olympia, Washington
Rabbi Jules King   Palm Springs, California
Rabbi Lisa Kingston   San Mateo, California
Rabbi Emma Kippley-Ogman   St. Paul, Minnesota
Rabbi Mati Kirschenbaum   Fullerton, California
Rabbi Donna Kirshbaum   Bethlehem, New Hampshire
Rabbi Daniel Kirzane   Chicago, Illinois
Cantor Eliana Kissner   South Orange, New Jersey
Rabbi Andrew Klein   Barrington, Rhode Island
Rabbi Daniel Klein   Brookline, Massachusetts
Rabbi Norman Klein   Champaign, Illinois
Rabbi Jason Klein   New York, New York
Rabbi Margaret Frisch Klein   South Elgin, Illinois
Rabbi Stephen A. Klein   Scarsdale, New York
Rabbi Margie Klein Ronkin   Boston, Massachusetts
Rabbi Sharon Kleinbaum   New York, New York
Cantor Jeff Klepper   Boston, Massachusetts
Rabbi Jonathan Kligler   Woodstock, New York
Rabbi Marc Aaron Kline, JD   Harrisburg, Pennsylvania
Rabbi David Kline   Brooklyn, New York
Rabbi Myriam Klotz   Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Peter Knobel (z”l)   Evanston, Illinois
Rabbi Michael Knopf   Stamford, Connecticut
Rabbi Douglas Kohn   Beacon, New York
Rabbi Cherie E. Koller-Fox   Newton, Massachusetts
Rabbi Debra Ruth Kolodny   Amherst, Massachusetts
Rabbi Tamara Ruth Kolton   Farmington Hills, Michigan
Rabbi David Kominsky   Plattsburgh, New York
Rabbi Neil Kominsky   Brookline, Massachusetts
Cantor Kim Komrad   Gaithersburg, Maryland
Rabbi Ira Korinow   Newton Highland, Massachusetts
Rabbi Jodi Kornfeld   Deerfield, Illinois
Rabbi Raquel S. Kosovske   Northampton, Massachusetts
Kelly Melissa Kossar   Boston, Massachusetts
Rabbi Chava Eva Koster   New York, New York
Rabbi Michael Louis Kramer   Newark, Delaware
Rabbi Douglas E. Krantz   Townsend, Delaware
Rabbi Jonathan Kraus   Belmont, Massachusetts
Rabbi Claudia Kreiman   Brookline, Massachusetts
Rabbi Alex Kress   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Brett Krichiver   Indianapolis, Indiana
Rabbi Jeremy Kridel   Elkridge, Maryland
Rabbi Aaron Kriegel   Tarzana, California
Rabbi Barry Krieger   Greeland, New Hampshire
Rabbi Charles A. Kroloff   Westfield, New Jersey
Rabbi Ronald Kronish   New York, New York
Karen Kumin   Durham, North Carolina
Rabbi Judith Kummer   Roslindale, Massachusetts
Rabbi Leah Kurtz   Petaluma, California
Rabbi Noa Kushner   San Francisco, California
L
Rabbi Gail Labovitz   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Alan Lachtman   Pasadena, California
Rabbi Enid Lader   Lakewood, Ohio
Rabbi Jen Lader   West Bloomfield, Michigan
Rabbi Susan Laemmle   Los Angeles, California
Cantor David Landau   Highland Park, Illinois
Rabbi Karen Esther Landy   Brookline, Massachusetts
Rabbi Armin Langer   Gainesville, Florida
Rabbi Gilah Langner   Washington, District of Columbia
Rabbi Alan LaPayover   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Michael Adam Latz   Toronto, Canada
Rabbi Amichai Lau-Lavie   New York, New York
Rabbi Adam Lautman   Albany, New York
Rabbi Sandra Lawson   Burlington, North Carolina
Rabbi Allison Lawton   Irvine, California
Rabbi Anson Hugh Laytner   Seattle, Washington
Rabbi David Lazar   Palm Springs, California
Rabbi Alex Lazarus   Buffalo, New York
Rabbi James Mark Lebeau   Jerusalem, Israel
Rabbi Erica Lebovitz   Livingston, New Jersey
Rabbi Esther Lederman   Arlington, Virginia
Rabbi Luciana Pajecki Lederman   New York, New York
Rabbi William Leffler (z”l)   Kennebunkport, Maine
Rabbi Allan Lehmann   Newton, Massachusetts
Rabbi Chayva Lehrman   San Francisco, California
Rabbi Susan Lynn Leider   Sacramento, California
Rabbi Darby Leigh   Waban, Massachusetts
Rabbi David Leipziger Teva   East Hampton, Connecticut
Rabbi Shoshana Leis   Dobbs Ferry, New York
Rabbi Michele E. Lenke   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Alexandre Leone   Sao Paulo, Brazil
Rabbi Michael Lerner z”l   Berkeley, California
Rabbi Leigh Lerner   Las Vegas, Nevada
Rabbi Darah Lerner   Albuquerque, New Mexico
Rabbi Danielle Leshaw   New York, New York
Rabbi Joshua C. Lesser   Atlanta, Georgia
Rabbi Alan Lettofsky   Cleveland, Ohio
Rabbi Lisa Levenberg   San Jose, California
Rabbi Bradley Levenberg   Atlanta, Georgia
Rabbi Ezra Leventhal   Charlottesville, Virginia
Rabbi Peter Levi   Aliso Viejo, California
Rabbi Moshe Levin   San Francisco, California
Rabbi Leonard Levin   South Orange, New Jersey
Rabbi Mark Levin   Kansas City , Kansas
Rabbi Joel Levine   Palm Beach Gardens, Florida
Rabbi Jason Levine   Seattle, Washington
Cantor Lisa Levine   Brookeville, Maryland
Cantor Samuel E. Levine   Brooklyn, New York
Rabbi Mark Levine   Bethesda, Maryland
Rabbi Joshua Levine Grater   Pasadena, California
Rabbi Jay LeVine   Seattle, Washington
Rabbi David Louis Levinsky   Kansas City, Missouri
Rabbi Robert Douglas Levy   Washington, District of Columbia
Rabbi Stan W. Levy   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Sue E. Levy (z”l)   Webster, Texas
Rabbi Candice Levy   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Chai Levy   Albany, California
Rabbi Benjamin Levy   Monroe Township, New Jersey
Rabbi Richard Levy (z”l)   Encino, California
Rabbi Sheldon Lewis   Palo Alto, California
Rabbi Michael Lezak   San Francisco, California
Rabbi Valerie Lieber   Pittsfield, Massachusetts
Rabbi Mordechai Liebling   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Rebecca Lillian   Malmö, Sweden
Rabbi John Linder   Scottsdale, Arizona
Rabbi Kennard Lipman   Berkeley, California
Rabbi Susan Lippe   Austin, Texas
Rabbi Ellen Lippmann   Brooklyn, New York
Rabbi Allen Lipson   Boston, Massachusetts
Rabbi Janet Liss   Hickory, North Carolina
Rabbi Janet Liss   Bayville, New York
Rabbi Josh Lobel   Monroe, New Jersey
Rabbi Neal Loevinger   Poughkeepsie, New York
Rabbi Amy Loewenthal   Oak Ridge, Tennessee
Rabbi Andrea C. London   Evanston, Illinois
Rabbi Alan Londy   Kansas City, Missouri
Rabbi Leora Londy   White Plains, New York
Rabbi Michael Lotker   Camarillo, California
Rabbi Jessica Lott   Chicago, Illinois
Cantor Louise Love   Boulder, Colorado
Rabbi Alan H. Lovins   New Haven, Connecticut
Cantor Jonathan Lovins   Durham, North Carolina
Rabbi Paige Lowenstein   Elk, California
Rabbi Sara Luria   Brooklyn, New York
Rabbi Evette Diana Lutman   Las Cruces, New Mexico
Rabbi Devorah Lynn   Berkeley, California
Rabbi Diana Lynn   Chevy Chase, Maryland
Cantor Abbe Lyons   Ithaca, New York
M
Rabbi Sarah E. Mack   Providence, Rhode Island
Lea MacSweeney-Andersen (z”l)   Boston, Massachusetts
Rabbi Jill Maderer   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Dana Magat   San Jose, California
Rabbi Shaul Magid   Cambridge, Massachusetts
Rabbi Larry Mahrer (z”l)   Parrish, Florida
Rabbi Jonathan Malino   Greensboro, North Carolina
Cantor Ilan Mamber (z”l)   Franklin Lakes, New Jersey
Rabbi Andrew Mandel   New York, New York
Rabbi Nina Hope Mandel   Sunbury, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Harry A. Manhoff   Berkeley, California
Rabbi Paula Marcus   Aptos, California
Rabbi Natan Margalit   Newtonville, Massachusetts
Rabbi Marc Margolius   New York, New York
Rabbi Bonnie Margulis   Madison, Wisconsin
Rabbi Amalia Mark   Brooklyn, New York
Rabbi Richard Marker   Bethesda, Maryland
Rabbi Jeffrey M. Marker (z”l)   Brooklyn, New York
Rabbi Eliot Marrus   Reading, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Nathan C Martin   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Robert Marx z”l   Saugatuck, Michigan
Rabbi Cantor Jacqueline L. Marx   Carrboro, North Carolina
Cantor Jamie Marx   Broomall, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Danny Maseng   Palm Desert, California
Rabbi Simeon Maslin (z”l)   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Jeremy Master   Springfield, Massachusetts
Rabbi J. Rolando Matalon   New York, New York
Rabbi Emily Mathis   Newton, Massachusetts
Rabbi Vivie Mayer   Wyncote, Pennsylvania
Rabbi CJ Mays   Honolulu, Hawaii
Rabbi Ralph Mecklenburger   Fort Worth, Texas
Rabbi Bernard H. Mehlman   Brookline, Massachusetts
Rabbi Aryeh Meir   Teaneck, New Jersey
Rabbi Batsheva Hannah Meiri   Asheville, North Carolina
Rabbi Rim Meirowitz   Newton Upper Falls, Massachusetts
Rabbi Amy L. Memis-Foler   Mt. Laurel, New Jersey
Rabbi Paul J. Menitoff   Jupiter, Florida
Rabbi Margaret Meyer   Cincinnati, Ohio
Rabbi Jessica Kate Meyer   Boston, Massachusetts
Rabbi Edith M. Meyerson   New York, New York
Rabbi Abby Michaleski   Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey
Rabbi Brian Michelson   Reading, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Michael Michlin (z”l)   Hazleton, Pennsylvania
Mimi Micner   Watertown, Massachusetts
Rabbi Tuvyah Mikeska   New York, New York
Rabbi Joshua Mikutis   Brooklyn, New York
Rabbi Rachel S. Mikva   Chicago, Illinois
Rabbi Jeremy Milgrom   Jerusalem, Israel
Rabbi Shira Milgrom   White Plains, New York
Rabbi Alissa Forrest Miller   Lafayette, California
Rabbi Tamara I. Miller   Washington, District of Columbia
Rabbi Jay Miller   San Mateo, California
Rabbi Diana Miller   Newton, Massachusetts
Rabbi Heather Miller   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Lewis Mintz   Acton, Massachusetts
Rabbi Yocheved Mintz   Deerfield, Illinois
Rabbi James Mirel   Seattle, Washington
Rabbi Michelle Missaghieh   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Katie Mizrahi   Denver, Colorado
Rabbi Nina J. Mizrahi   Northbrook, Illinois
Rabbi Stephen Fisher Moch   Seattle, Washington
Rabbi Reuben Modek   Nyack, New York
Cantor George Mordecai   Woollahra, Australia
Rabbi Jim Morgan   Brighton, Massachusetts
Rabbi Adam Morris   Denver, Colorado
Rabbi Ben Morrow (z”l)   Santa Fe, New Mexico
Rabbi Joel Mosbacher   New York, New York
Rabbi Lon Moskowitz   Los Osos, California
Rabbi Anat Moskowitz   Sarasota, Colorado
Rabbi Danny Moss   Madison, Connecticut
Rabbi Tobias Moss   Vienna, Austria
Rabbi Linda Motzkin   Gansevoort, New York
Rabbi Nancy Myers   Westminster, California
N
Rabbi Steven Nathan   Bethlehem, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Gil Nativ   Omer, Israel
Rabbi Ariel Naveh   Wantagh, New York
Rabbi Preston Neimeiser   Providence, Rhode Island
Rabbi David W. Nelson   Tivoli, New York
Rabbi Lev Meirowitz Nelson   Brooklyn, New York
Rabbi David Nelson   Southfield, Michigan
Rabbi Ellen Nemhauser   Atlanta, Georgia
Cantor Julie Newman   Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Sarah Newmark   Gig Harbor, Washington
Rabbi Sarah Noyovitz   Newton Upper Falls, Massachusetts
Rabbi Leah Nussbaum   Medford, Massachusetts
O
Rabbi Andrew Oberstein   Boston, Massachusetts
Rabbi Michael Oblath   Anchorage, Alaska
Rabbi Vanessa Ochs   Charlottesville, Virginia
Rabbi Janet Offel   Woodland Hills, California
Rabbi Jesse Olitzky   South Orange, New Jersey
Ellen Olshansky   Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Jonathan Omer-Man (z”l)   Berkeley, California
Rabbi Dan Ornstein   Albany, New York
Cantor Barbara Ostfeld   Buffalo, New York
Rabbi Jordan Ottenstein   Johns Creek, Georgia
Rabbi Laura Owens   Los Angeles, California
P
Rabbi Malka Packer-Monroe   Atlanta, Georgia
Rabbi Andrew Marc Paley   Dallas, Texas
Rabbi Kate Palley   Selinsgrove, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Morris Panitz   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Jordan Parr   Richardson, Texas
Rabbi David Paskin   Boca Raton, Florida
Rabbi Rachael Pass   Roslindale, Massachusetts
Rabbi Alexis Pearce   San Diego, California
Rabbi Salem R. Pearce   Jackson, Mississippi
Cantor Steve Pearlston   New York, New York
Cantor Lisa Peicott   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Ephraim Pelcovits   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Hava Lynn Pell   Lemoyne, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Barbara Rosman Penzner   West Roxbury, Massachusetts
Rabbi Michael Perice   Los Angeles, California
Jacob Perl   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Jonathan Kent Perlman   Cincinnati, Ohio
Rabbi Rex Perlmeter   Montclair, New Jersey
Rabbi Scott Perlo   Bethesda, Maryland, New York
Rabbi Cantor Mark Perman   Hagerstown, Maryland
Cantor Hasha Musha Perman   Skokie, Illinois
Rabbi Shoshana Perry   Westford, Massachusetts
Rabbi Aaron M. Petuchowski   Littleton, Colorado
Rabbi Bruce Pfeffer   Indianapolis, IN, Indiana
Rabbi Laurie Phillips (z”l)   New York, New York
Maharat Rori Picker Neiss   St. Louis, Missouri
Rabbi Sonja Pilz   Bozeman, Montana
Rabbi Stephen H. Pinsky   Wellington, Florida
Rabbi William (Bill) Plevan   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Daniel Plotkin   Baltimore, Maryland
Rabbi Robin Podolsky   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Shalom Podwol   Tustin, California
Rabbi Louis Polisson   Teaneck, New Jersey
Rabbi Michael Pollack   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Elaine Pollack   Watertown, Massachusetts
Rabbi Phillip Posner (z”l)   Santa Cruz, California
Rabbi Oren Postrel   Napa, California
Rabbi Aaron Potek   Washington, District of Columbia
Rabbi Linda Potemken   Media, Pennsylvania
Rabbi JoHanna Potts   Potomac, Maryland
Rabbi Amber Powers   Abington, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Marcia Prager   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Debbie Prinz   New York, New York
Cantor Ari Priven   New York, New York
Rabbi James Prosnit   Fairfield, Connecticut
Rabbi Rachel Putterman   Roslindale, Massachusetts
Cantor Steven Puzarne   Playa Del Rey, California
Q
Rabbi Jennifer Queen   Cambridge, Massachusetts
R
Rabbi Charles P. Rabinowitz   Larchmont, New York
Rabbi Arnold I. Rachlis   Irvine, California
Rabbi Cantor Samuel Radwine   Rogers, Arkansas
Rabbi Jonah Rank   Chicago, Illinois
Rabbi Debra L. Rappaport   Minneapolis, Minnesota
Rabbi Debra L Rappaport   Minneapolis, Minnesota
Rabbi Noam Raucher   Pasadena, California
Rabbi Frederick Holmes Reeves   Evanston, Illinois
Rabbi Paula Reimers (z”l)   Lebanon, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Fred N. Reiner   Chevy Chase, Maryland
Rabbi Sarah Reines   New York, New York
Rabbi David Reinhart   St. Louis, Missouri
Rabbi Victor Reinstein   Jamaica Plain, Massachusetts
Cantor David E. Reinwald   Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Daniel Reiser   Hastings-on-Hudson, New York
Rabbi Michael Remson (z”l)   Kenosha, Wisconsin
Rabbi Steven Carr Reuben   Pacific Palisades, California
Cantor Rachel Rhodes   Washington, District of Columbia
Rabbi Judy Ribnick   New York, New York
Rabbi Yael Ridberg   La Jolla, California
Rabbi Moti Rieber   Overland Park, Kansas
Cantor Jeri Robins   Newton, Massachusetts
Rabbi Yair Robinson   Wilmington, Delaware
Rabbi Liz Rolle   Stamford, Connecticut
Rabbi Nathan Roller   Saratoga, California
Rabbi Bailey Romano   Brooklyn, New York
Rabbi W. Jack Romberg   Tallahassee, Florida
Rabbi Yael Romer   Rhinebeck, New York
Rabbi Gaylia Rooks   Louisville, Kentucky
Rabbi Jonathan Roos   Washington, District of Columbia
Rabbi Kliel Rose   Winnipeg, Canada
Rabbi Or Rose   Newton Center, Massachusetts
Zakkai Rose   New York, New York
Cantor Chanin Rosen   Scarsdale, New York
Cantor Rabbi Elana Rosen-Brown   San Rafael, California
Cantor Shoshi Rosenbaum   New York, New York
Rabbi Shani Rosenbaum   Somerville, Massachusetts
Rabbi Sarah Rosenbaum-Jones   Vernon Hills, Illinois
Rabbi Sharon Y. Rosenberg   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi James B. Rosenberg   Providence, Rhode Island
Rabbi Aaron P. Rosenberg   Waterford, Connecticut
Rabbi Ira Rosenberg   Berkeley, California
Rabbi Seymour Rosenbloom   Elkins Park, Pennsylvania
Cantor Aviva K. Rosenbloom   Altadena, California
Rabbi Harvey Rosenfeld   Teaneck, New Jersey
Rabbi Harry Rosenfeld   Albuquerque, New Mexico
Rabbi Jennie Rosenn   New York, New York
Rabbi Ken Rosenstein   Brighton, Massachusetts
Rabbi Cheryl Rosenstein   Santa Rosa, California
Rabbi Eric Rosenstein   Tarzana, California
Cantor Saul Rosenthal   Denver, Colorado
Rabbi Jessica Rosenthal   Hauppauge, New York
Rabbi John Leon Rosove   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Michael Steven Ross   Beachwood, Ohio
Rabbi Donald B. Rossoff   Morristown, New Jersey
Rabbi Francine Roston   Whitefish, Montana
Rabbi Harry Roth   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Jeffrey M. Roth   Olivebridge, New York
Rabbi Michael Rothbaum   Atlanta, Georgia
Rabbi Robert Rottenberg   Arcata, California
Cantor Daniel Rous   New York, New York
Rabbi Cantor Judi Kahan Rowland   Tel Aviv, Israel
Rabbi Jonathan L. Rubenstein   Sarasota Springs, New York
Rabbi Ruhi Sophia Rubenstein   Eugene, Oregon
Rabbi Sarah Niebuhr Rubin   Seattle, Washington
Cantor Michal Rubin   Columbia, South Carolina
Noa Rubin   New York, New York
Rabbi Halina Rubinstein   Irvington, New York
Rabbi Ralph Ruebner (z”l)   Skokie, Illinois
Rabbi Laura Rumpf   Seattle, Washington
Rabbi Stephanie Ruskay   New York, New York
Rabbi Danya Ruttenberg   Evanston, Illinois
S
Rabbi Ofer Sabath Beit Halachmi   Baltimore, Maryland
Rabbi Elissa Sachs-Kohen   Baltimore, Maryland
Rabbi Elizabeth Sacks   Denver, Colorado
Rabbi Andrew Sacks (z”l)   Jerusalem, Israel
Rabbi Galia Sadan   Tel Aviv, Israel
Rabbi Douglas Sagal   Rumson, New Jersey
Cantor Jenna Sagan   Cypress, California
Rabbi Jared H. Saks   South Portland, Maine
Rabbi Elisheva Salamo   York, England
Rabbi Rachel Iris Salston   Richmond, Virginia
Rabbi Sonia Saltzman   Newton, Massachusetts
Rabbi Jan Salzman   Burlington, Vermont
Rabbi Joanna Samuels   New York, New York
Rabbi Regina L. Sandler-Phillips   Brooklyn, New York
Rabbi David Fox Sandmel   Portland, Maine
Rabbi Jade Sank Ross   Port Washington, New York
Rabbi Elli Sarah   Seaford, United Kingdom
Rabbi Michael Sarko   Seattle, Washington
Rabbi Michael Satz   Morristown, New Jersey
Cantor Pamela Sawyer   Berkeley, California
Rabbi Eva Sax-Bolder   White Plains, New York
Rabbi Jeffrey S. Saxe   Falls Church, Virginia
Rabbi Julie Saxe-Taller   Berkeley, California
Rabbi Herman Schaalman (z”l)   Chicago, Illinois
Cantor Hollis Suzanne Schachner   Waltham, Massachusetts
Rabbi Daniel Schaefer   Hamden, Connecticut
Rabbi Peter Schaktman   Honolulu, Hawaii
Rabbi Susan Schanerman   Phoenix, Arizona
Rabbi Edward Schecter   Hastings on Hudson, New York
Rabbi Philip Schechter   Stamford, Connecticut
Cantor Basya Schechter   New York, New York
Rabbi Craig Scheff   Orangeburg, New York
Rabbi Jeffrey Schein   Minneapolis, Minnesota
Cantor Robert Scherr   Alexandria, Virginia
Rabbi Simone Schicker   Kalamazoo, Michigan
Rabbi Ira Schiffer   Middlebury, Vermont
Cantor Benjie Schiller   White Plains, New York
Rabbi Saraleya Schley   Sparks, Nevada
Rabbi Howie Chaim Schneider   Aptos, California
Rabbi Cantor Sunny Schnitzer   Bethesda, Maryland
Rabbi Rachel Dvash Schoenfeld   Sewell, New Jersey
Rabbi Leonard Schoolman   New York, New York
Joshua Schreiber   Taunton, Massachusetts
Rabbi Robert David Schreibman   Lincolnshire, Illinois
Rabbi Avi Schulman   Fremont, California
Rabbi Jeffrey Schulman   Carmel, California
Cantor Eric Schulmiller   Plandome, New York
Rabbi Evan Schultz   Bridgeport, Connecticut
Rabbi Neil Schuman   Plainview, New York
Rabbi Burt E. Schuman (z”l)   Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Robert Schumeister   Hackensack, New Jersey
Rabbi Fred Schwalb   Croton on Hudson, New York
Rabbi Stanley Howard Schwartz   Daytona Beach, Florida
Rabbi Amanda Schwartz   Englewood, Colorado
Rabbi Jeremy Schwartz   Willimantic, Connecticut
Rabbi Barry L. Schwartz   Cherry Hill, New Jersey
Cantor Neil Schwartz   Dothan, Alabama
Rabbi PJ Schwartz   Huntsville, Alabama
Cantor Richard Schwartz   Glendale, California
Rabbi Amy M. Schwartzman   McLean, Virginia
Rabbi Sid Schwarz   Rockville, Maryland
Rabbi Allen Secher   Whitefish, Montana
Rabbi Arthur Segal   Hilton Head Island, South Carolina
Rabbi David Segal   Houston, Texas
Rabbi Scott Segal   Missoula, Montana
Rabbi Steve Segar   Shaker Heights, Ohio
Rabbi Judith Seid   Pleasanton, California
Rabbi David Seidenberg   Northampton, Massachusetts
Rabbi Jerry Seidler   Baltimore, Maryland
Rabbi Mayer Selekman   Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Sanford Seltzer   Oro Valley, Arizona
Cantor David Serkin-Poole   Bellevue, Washington
Rabbi Gerald Serotta   Chevy Chase, Maryland
Rabbi Isaac Daniel Serotta   Highland Park, Illinois
Rabbi Drorah O. Setel   Weybridge, United Kingdom
Tamara Settbon   New York, New York
Rabbi Joel Shaiman   New York, New York
Rabbi Leah Shakdiel   Yarucham, Israel
Rabbi Lori Shaller   Oak Bluffs, Massachusetts
Rabbi Judy Shanks   Lafayette, California
Rabbi Mark Dov Shapiro (z”l)   Longmeadow, Massachusetts
Rabbi Rami Shapiro   Murfreesboro, Tennessee
Rabbi Bonnie Sharfman   Scottsdale, Arizona
Rabbi Leonard A. Sharzer   New York, New York
Rabbi Jenna Shaw   Washington, District of Columbia
Diana Shaw Clark   Wellfleet, Massachusetts
Rabbi Jeremy Daniel Sher   Oakland, California
Rabbi Arnie Sher (z”l)   Fairfield, Connecticut
Rabbi Daniel Shevitz   Venice, California
Rabbi Jessica K. Shimberg   Flathead Valley, Montana
Cantor Linda Shivers   Portland, Oregon
Rabbi David Shneyer   Rockville, Maryland
Cantor Michael Shochet   McLean, Virginia
Cantor Jaime Shpall   Palo Alto, California
Rabbi Maeera Shreiber   Salt Lake City, Utah
Rabbi Natalie Shribman   West Bloomfield, Michigan
Rabbi Dennis Shulman   Demarest, New Jersey
Rabbi Alexandria Shuval-Weiner   Marietta, Georgia
Rabbi Hanna Siegel   Portland, Oregon
Rabbi Jodie Siff   Port Washington, New York
Rabbi Jack Silver   Tempe, Arizona
Rabbi David Wolf Silverman (z”l)   Princeton, New Jersey
Cantor Max Silverstone   Rockville, Maryland
Rabbi Jim Simon   Miami, Florida
Rabbi Jhos Singer   Berkeley, California
Rabbi Suzanne Singer   Riverside, California
Rabbi Jonathan Singer   San Francisco, California
Rabbi Rena Singer   San Francisco, California
Rabbi Jacob Singer-Beilin   Washington, District of Columbia
Rabbi Steven Sirbu   Teaneck, New Jersey
Rabbi Jeffrey J. Sirkman   Larchmont, New York
Rabbi Elliot Skiddell   Hewlett, New York
Rabbi Alanna Sklover   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Harry Sky (z”l)   Greensboro, North Carolina
Rabbi Scott Slarskey   St. Louis, Missouri
Rabbi Jonathan P. Slater   Hastings-on-Hudson, New York
Dan Slipakoff   Boston, Massachusetts
Rabbi Amy Small   Morristown, New Jersey, Vermont
Rabbi Eleanor Smith   Evanston, Illinois
Rabbi Jeanne Snodgrass   Columbia, Missouri
Rabbi Matthew Soffer   Durham, North Carolina
Rabbi Ruth Sohn   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Felicia Sol   New York, New York
Rabbi Bradley Solmsen   Brooklyn, New York
Rabbi Asher A. Soloff   Lansdale, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Jennifer Solomon   Raleigh, North Carolina
Rabbi Eric Solomon   Raleigh, North Carolina
Hazzan Barukh Solomon   Bloomington, Indiana
Rabbi Marc W. Soloway   Boulder, Colorado
Rabbi C.B. Souther   Seattle, Washington
Rabbi Kate Speizer   Seattle, Washington
Rabbi S. David Sperling   Peekskill, New York
Rabbi Scott Sperling   Decatur, Georgia
Rabbi Judith Spicehandler   Cincinnati, Ohio
Rabbi Reena Spicehandler   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Aaron Spiegel   Indianapolis, Indiana
Rabbi Adam Stock Spilker   St. Paul, Minnesota
Cantor Rachel Stock Spilker   St. Paul, Minnesota
Rabbi Hannah Spiro   Washington, District of Columbia
Rabbi Toba Spitzer   Waltham, Massachusetts
Rabbi Brent Chaim Spodek   Beacon, New York
Rabbi Ed Stafman   Bozeman, Montana
Rabbi Samuel M. Stahl   San Antonio, Texas
Rabbi Joshua Stampfer (z”l)   Portland, Oregon
Rabbi Sonya Starr   Wilmington, Delaware
Rabbi Jacob Staub   Blue Bell, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Linda Steigman   Kansas City , Missouri
Rabbi Talia Stein   Brookline, Massachusetts
Rabbi Margot Stein   Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Alexandra Stein   Falls Church, Virginia
Rabbi Naomi Steinberg   Eureka, California
Rabbi David Steinberg   Duluth, Minnesota
Rabbi Gershon Steinberg-Caudill   Las Cruces, New Mexico
Rabbi Richard Steinbrink   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Lane Steinger   St. Louis, Missouri
Rabbi Keith Stern   Newton, Massachusetts
Rabbi George Stern   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Liza Weiss Stern   Newton, Massachusetts
Rabbi Ron Stern   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Rebekah Stern   Berkeley, California
Rabbi Kaya Stern-Kaufman   Portsmouth, New Hampshire
Rabbi Leah Sternberg   Memphis, Tennessee
Rabbi Michael Sternfield   Bradenton, Florida
Rabbi Sharon Stiefel   Saint Paul, Minnesota
Rabbi Kurt Stone   Coral Springs, Florida
Rabbi Ariel Stone   Portland, Oregon
Rabbi Warren Stone   Bethesda, Maryland
Rabbi Adam Strater   Des Moines, Iowa
Rabbi Andrew Straus   Oakland, California
Rabbi Steve Stroiman   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Shira Stutman   Aspen, Colorado
Cantor Jodi Sufrin   Newton, Massachusetts
Rabbi Alvin M. Sugarman (z”l)   Atlanta, Georgia
Rabbi Yaffa-Shira Sultan   San Diego, California
Rabbi Jeff Sultar   Phoenixville, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Ilana Sumka   Silver Spring, Maryland
Rabbi Alana Suskin   Rockville, Maryland
Rabbi Karen Sussan   Suffern, New York
Rabbi Jeremy Szczepanski   Manchester, New Hampshire
T
Rabbi Robert Tabak   Elkins Park, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Jackie Tabick   London, England
Rabbi Susan Talve   St. Louis, Missouri
Cantor Deborah Tanzer-Cohen   Collegeville, Pennsylvania
Cantor Elliot Taubman (z”l)   New Shoreham, Rhode Island
Rabbi Dov Taylor   Woodstock, Vermont
Karry Taylor   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Jay TelRav   Stamford, Connecticut
Rabbi Elliott Tepperman   Montclair, New Jersey
Rabbi Miriam Terlinchamp   Cincinnati, Ohio
Rabbi David A. Teutsch   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Lennard R. Thal   New York, New York
Rabbi Marcia Tilchin   Tustin, California
Rabbi Rachel Timoner   Brooklyn, New York
Janet Shifrah Tobacman   Emeryville, California
Rabbi Batshir Torchio   San Francisco, California
Rabbi Shoshanah Tornberg   Allentown, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Aaron Torop   Lafayette, California
Rabbi Ariel Tovlev   College Park, Maryland
Rabbi Evan Traylor   Brooklyn, New York
Gabby Tropp   New York, New York
Rabbi Lawrence Troster (z”l)   Teaneck, New Jersey
Dena Trugman   Culver City, California
Rabbi Lauren Tuchman   Bethesda, Maryland
Rabbi Gordon Tucker   White Plains, New York
Cantor Andrew Tulchin   Santa Fe, New Mexico
Rabbi Jenna Turow   Boston, Massachusetts
V
Rabbi Jason Van Leeuwen   Los Angeles, California
Cantor Aaron Vitells   Portland, Oregon
Rabbi Andy Vogel   Brookline, Massachusetts
Cantor Eliot Vogel   Penn Valley, Pennsylvania
Emily Volz   New York, New York
Rabbi Howard Voss-Altman   Providence, Rhode Island
W
Rabbi Ariel Walsh (z”l)   Baltimore, Maryland
Rabbi Brian Walt   West Tisbury, Massachusetts
Rabbi Nahum Ward-Lev   Santa Fe, New Mexico
Cantor Seth Warner   St. Louis, Missouri
Rabbi Bruce Warshal   Atlanta, Georgia
Rabbi Efraim Warshaw   Sherman Oaks, California
Rabbi Susan Warshaw   Alexandria, Virginia
Rabbi Arthur Waskow (z”l)   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Michael Wasserman   Scottsdale, Arizona
Rabbi Mira Beth Wasserman   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Pamela Wax   North Adams, Massachusetts
Rabbi Joshua Waxman   Glen Rock, New Jersey
Rabbi Deborah Waxman   Wyncote, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Nancy Wechsler   Carmichael, California
Rabbi Elyse Wechterman   Abington, Pennsylvania
Rabbi David Wein   Henrico, Virginia
Rabbi Sheila Peltz Weinberg   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Herbert Weinberg   Jerusalem, Israel
Rabbi Neal Weinberg   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Nathan Weiner   Mt. Holly, New Jersey
Rabbi Cheryl J. Weiner   Hollywood, Florida
Rabbi Martin Weiner (z”l)   San Francisco, California
Rabbi Daniel A. Weiner   Bellevue, Washington
Rabbi Tom Weiner   White Plains, New York
Rabbi Jay H. Weinstein   Syosset, New York
Rabbi Simkha Y. Weintraub   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Cantor Stephanie Weishaar   Clarksburg, Maryland
Rabbi Brett Weisman   Seattle, Washington
Rabbi Joshua Weisman   San Leandro, California
Rabbi Lew J. Weiss   Indianapolis, Indiana
Rabbi Max Weiss   Oak Park, Illinois
Rabbi Zari M. Weiss   Walnut Creek, California
Rabbi Rachel Weiss   Evanston, Illinois
Rabbi Micah Weiss   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Shifra Weiss-Penzias   Santa Cruz, California
Andy Weissfeld   Washington, District of Columbia
Rabbi Alex Weissman   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Alex Weisz   Los Angeles, California
Rabbi Ariann Weitzman   Montclair, New Jersey
Libbie Wenick   New York, New York
Rabbi Margaret Moers Wenig   New York, New York
Rabbi Yael Werber   New York, New York
Rabbi Michael Werbow   Washington, District of Columbia
Rabbi Steve R. Westman   West Palm Beach, Florida
Rabbi Noah Westreich   San Francisco, California
Rabbi Josh Whinston   Ann Arbor, Michigan
Rabbi George Wielechowski   Irvine , California
Rabbi Dan Wigodsky   White Plains, New York
Mat Wilson   Conshohocken, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Mark Winer   Boca Raton, Florida
Rabbi Richard Winer   Framingham, Massachusetts
Rabbi Paula Winnig   Girard, Ohio
Rabbi David Winship   Cambridge, Massachusetts
Rabbi David Wirtschafter   Lexington, Kentucky
Rabbi Irvin Wise   Barrington, Rhode Island
Rabbi Ari Witkin   Huntington Woods, Michigan
Rabbi Amelia Wolf   Arlington, Virginia
Rabbi Sarah Weissman   Fremont, California
Rabbi Joseph Wolf   Portland, Oregon
Rabbi Peretz Wolf-Prusan   Berkeley, California
Rabbi Greg Alan Wolfe   Davis, California
Cantor David Wolff   Framingham, Massachusetts
Rabbi Carl Wolkin (z”l)   Northbrook, Illinois
Rabbi Michal Woll   Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Rabbi Jonathan S. Woll   Glen Rock, New Jersey
Rabbi Ariel Wolpe   Decatur, Georgia
Rabbi Eric Woodward   New Haven, Connecticut
Rabbi Dr. Carl Woolf   Watertown, Massachusetts
Cantor Cheryl Wunch   Toronto, Canada
Rabbi Bridget Wynne   Berkeley, California
Y
Rabbi Moshe Yehudai   Raanana, Israel
Rabbi Tzemah Lapidot Yoreh   Bronx, New York
Rabbi David N. Young   Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Mara Young   White Plains, New York
Z
Rabbi Sara Zacharia   New York, New York
Rabbi Adam Zagoria-Moffet   St. Albans, England
Rabbi Burton Visotzky   New York, New York
Cantor Karen Vogel   Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Naomi Zaslow   Pikesville, Maryland
Rabbi Michael R. Zedek   Overland Park, Kansas
Rabbi Elana Zelony   San Mateo, California
Rabbi Daniel Zemel   Washington, District of Columbia
Rabbi Lina N. Zerbarini   Huntington Station, New York
Rabbi Shawn Israel Zevit   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Lana Zilberman Soloway   Calabasas, California
Rabbi Jonathan Zimet   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Rabbi Laurie Zimmerman   Madison, Wisconsin
Rabbi Michael Zimmerman   Williamston, Michigan
Rabbi Jill Zimmerman   Richmond, California
Rabbi Jessica Zimmerman Graf   Van Nuys, California
Rabbi Ruth Zlotnick   Seattle, Washington
Rabbi Henry A. Zoob   Westwood, Massachusetts
Cantor Michael Zoosman   Vancouver, Canada
Rabbi David Zucker   Aurora, Colorado
Rabbi Leonard Zukrow   Marquette, Michigan

National Advisory Council
About Us > National Advisory Council
Dr. Bruce Alberts
San Francisco, CA
Former President of the National Academy of Sciences and Emeritus Chancellor’s Leadership Chair in Biochemistry and Biophysics for Science and Education at the University of California, San Francisco

Paige Alexander
Atlanta, GA
CEO of the Carter Center

Dr. Ahmed Charai
Casablanca, Morocco
Chairman and CEO of Global Media Holding

Ambassador (ret.) Ivo Daalder
Chicago, IL
Former United States Ambassador to NATO

Elisa Harris
Chicago, IL
Former Director for Nonproliferation, National Security Council

Ilana Horowitz Ratner
Shaker Heights, OH
Community Activist and Retired Lawyer, Adult Jewish Educator and Nonprofit Leadership Coach

Ambassador (ret.) Sam Kaplan
Minneapolis, MN
Former United States Ambassador to Morocco and current attorney

Sylvia Kaplan
Minneapolis, MN
Political Activist and Community Organizer

Suzanne Lerner
Los Angeles, CA
Co-Founder and CEO of Michael Stars, Philanthropist, Activist and Entrepreneur

David Levin
New York, NY
Advisory Board Member, Former President and CEO, McGraw-Hill Education, Inc.

Lindsay Levin
New York, NY
Founder and Chair of Leaders’ Quest and Head of TED Countdown

Congressman Mel Levine
Los Angeles, CA
Former U.S. Representative and current Counsel at Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP

Seth Levine
Longmont, CO
Co-Founder and Partner at Foundry

Margie Moskovitz Kanfer
Cleveland, OH
Lippman Kanfer Foundation for Living Torah Board Member and Leader and Activist within non-profit arts and Jewish organizations

Alan Rosskamm
Cleveland, OH
Former President and CEO of Jo-Anne Stores Inc.

Ben Samuels
Houston, TX
Director of the Samuels Family Foundation, former Co-President of Victory Packaging and former Chair of the Houston Federation

Ambassador (ret.) Andy Schapiro
Chicago, IL
Former United States Ambassador to the Czech Republic and current Partner at Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan LLP

Ambassador (ret.) Alan D. Solomont
Weston, MA
Former United States Ambassador to Spain and Andorra, Dean Emeritus of Tufts University's Jonathan M. Tisch College of Civic Life and Chair Emeritus of J Street.

Robert Stein
San Francisco, CA
Attorney and Former J Street Board Member

Claude Stern
Palo Alto, CA
Former Co-Chair of the Intellectual Property Practice Group of Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan LLP, and current mediator/arbitrator at JAMS

George Vradenburg
Washington, DC
Co-Founder, Chairman and CEO UsAgainstAlzheimer’s

Rabbi Michael Rose Knopf
Stamford, CT
Rabbi Michael Rose Knopf is the Senior Rabbi at Temple Beth El in Stamford, Connecticut. Named one of “America’s Most Inspiring Rabbis” by The Forward, Rabbi Knopf is dedicated to helping contemporary Jews meaningfully engage with their...

Rabbi Susan Leider
Sacramento, CA
Rabbi Susan Leider is the first woman to be a senior rabbi at a Northern California Conservative congregation (Congregation Kol Shofar) and the first woman to be Associate Rabbi at Temple Beth Am, Los Angeles. She was ordained by the...

Rabbi Elliott Tepperman
Montclair, NJ
Rabbi Elliott Tepperman has been the spiritual leader of Bnai Keshet, in Montclair, NJ since 2002. His rabbinate embraces spiritually courageous Judaism and loving pursuit of shalom and justice for all people.

J Street ישראל
הבית הפוליטי של אמריקנים תומכי ישראל ותומכי שלום
J Street אודות
ג’יי סטריט הוא הבית הפוליטי של אמריקנים ציונים, פרו-ישראלים ותומכי שלום ודמוקרטיה, הפועלים מתוך אהבה ודאגה עמוקה למדינת ישראל, הרצון לשמור על בטחונה ולהבטיח את עתידה כמדינה יהודית ודמוקרטית. אנו פועלים בפוליטיקה האמריקנית ובקרב הקהילה היהודית בארה”ב ומגייסים תמיכה במדיניות שמקדמת אינטרסים משותפים ישראלים ואמריקנים, כמו גם, ערכים יהודיים ודמוקרטיים, המובילים לפתרון הסכסוך הישראלי-פלסטיני במסגרת פתרון של שתי מדינות לשני עמים.

עיקר פעילותה של הנציגות בישראל היא חינוכי עם דגש על פיתוח קשרי הארגון באזור ואירוח של משלחות חברי קונגרס וגורמים אמריקאים משפיעים נוספים. צוות המשרד עובד בשיתוף עם ישראלים רבים, פעילות ופעילים חברתיים, חברות וחברי כנסת ואחרים, אשר מסייעים בידינו לחשוף קהלים שונים בארה”ב – נבחרי ציבור, חברי קונגרס, סטודנטים ומנהיגי הקהילה היהודית – לנעשה בישראל ולאתגרים בפניהם המדינה ניצבת. פעילויות חינוכיות אלה מלמדות את הלוקחים חלק בפעילותנו על המורכבות, הקושי והכאב בבסיס הקונפליקט הישראלי-פלסטיני והמצב בשטח, כמו גם על הצורך הדחוף להביא לסיום הסכסוך ולהסכם שלום אזורי.

Full Width Photo